At the age of 17 , Choe Swee Soon , then a student in Singapore , decided he wanted to start his own business .
Northern Ireland 's Euro 2016 qualifier against Bosnia-Herzegovina has been postponed after a car crash on the M1 motorway in County Armagh .
Theresa May has said she has  absolute faith '' in the UK 's Trident nuclear weapons system despite reports of a misfire .
US tennis star Venus Williams has been involved in a car accident , police say .
An international tribunal has ordered Ghana not to drill for oil off the coast of Ivory Coast .
Loyalist bonfire makers in south Belfast say they have been forced to move their bonfires to a nearby car park .
The BBC has said it  strongly refutes '' claims it faked footage of iguanas being chased by snakes in an episode of Natural History .
Relatives of the victims of the Hillsborough disaster have been made OBEs in the Queen 's Birthday Honours list .
The environmental risks of fracking for shale gas in the UK are  very low '' , a report has concluded .
Nadia is a rapper with a wicked sense of humour .
Sir Tom Jones is to return to The Voice UK , it has been announced .
Tottenham Hotspur are in talks with the Football Association about playing home games at Wembley , says FA chairman Greg Dyke .
Great Britain 's men 's and women 's handball teams have failed to qualify for the Rio Olympics .
Jeremy Corbyn has told business leaders he will  fight for fairness '' if Labour wins the general election .
China has reportedly deployed surface-to-air missiles on an island in the disputed South China Sea .
Head teachers involved in the so-called Trojan Horse allegations say they are still receiving death threats .
West Lothian and Livingston is one of the most marginal seats in the UK - but it is also home to some of Scotland 's most vibrant communities .
Leeds United have signed Middlesbrough winger Siem de Roon on a four-year deal for an undisclosed fee .
When Annan Athletic 's football team reached the fifth round of the Scottish Cup , the club 's 18-year-old striker Omar El-Abd was inspired to follow in his footsteps .
Jacob Butterfield says he is likely to leave Exeter City at the end of the season .
The Lawn Tennis Association -LRB- LTA -RRB- is to invest 250m in improving tennis facilities across the UK .
A US citizen who was kidnapped in Syria has been freed , the State Department says .
Former department store chain BHS has launched its new online shop .
More than 2,000 people have signed a petition against plans to introduce pay and display parking meters around the Royal Berkshire Hospital .
A 23-year-old woman who helped her boyfriend and a friend beat a poker player to death has been jailed for 12 years .
It 's been a  great night '' for the Scottish Conservatives .
Three people have been injured in a three-vehicle crash on the A90 in Aberdeenshire .
The prosecution service has told the Court of Appeal it withheld evidence from the defence in the case of a former republican paramilitary .
A security alert in west Belfast has been declared a hoax .
Australian Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull has dropped knights and dames from the country 's honours system .
Sevilla twice came from behind to earn a 2-2 draw in the first leg of their Europa League semi-final against FC Lviv .
The closure of the Port Talbot steelworks is a  wake-up call '' for the Welsh economy , Plaid Cymru has said .
An asylum seeker housing campaigner has been found guilty by a sheriff of racially aggravated abuse .
A new portrait of the Queen has been unveiled on the side of a coin .
A lion is on the run after escaping from a national park in South Africa .
In a schoolroom in a refugee camp in Lebanon , children are learning to build .
The Prince of Wales and the Duchess of Cornwall have visited a fruit and vegetable market in south London .
Nearly 20 million people in China could be exposed to unsafe levels of arsenic in their drinking water , a study suggests .
Eddie Jones began his reign as England head coach with a record win over South Africa at Twickenham .
Saracens will face Leicester Tigers in the semi-finals of the Anglo-Welsh Cup , while Harlequins will play Exeter Chiefs .
The family of Singapore 's founding father , Lee Kuan Yew , has become embroiled in a rare public spat over the government 's commemorations of his death .
A pensioner from Denbighshire who raped and sexually abused a young girl has been jailed for 12 years .
A caravan belonging to Star Wars actor Warwick Davis has been stolen .
Police in central India have dropped sedition charges against 11 Muslim men arrested for allegedly cheering for Pakistan in the Champions Trophy cricket match on Sunday .
The French government has ordered the dissolution of a far-right group after the killing of a young gay man .
Gloucester reached a second European Challenge Cup final in three years with a hard-fought victory over La Rochelle .
Three teenagers have been charged in connection with a serious assault in Dumbarton .
A man has been found dead at a block of flats in Edinburgh .
Human remains have been found on an island off the Kent coast .
League Two side Cheltenham Town have signed Hibernian midfielder Danny Graham for an undisclosed fee .
On the first day of Microsofts E3 conference , Phil Spencer laid out his vision for the Xbox One .
Adam Voges and Dawid Malan hit centuries as Middlesex took control against Hampshire at Lord 's .
A public consultation has been launched into a site in Snowdonia as a possible location for a UK spaceport .
A newborn baby girl has been found abandoned at a bus stop in north Wales .
British soldiers spent less than half of their time at the front during World War One , according to new research .
Sitting on the beach in Benavista , on the Costa del Sol , Julie Stevenson explains why she and her husband Nigel left the UK two years ago .
Former Foreign Secretary William Hague has said the UK should have done more to stop the civil war in Syria .
Lewis Hamilton says he is looking forward to a  close '' battle with Ferrari this season .
A coroner is considering whether to exhume the body of a soldier found dead at Deepcut barracks .
A former police community support officer has been jailed for eight years for child sex offences .
US President Donald Trump has said he is  going to have to see '' whether special counsel Robert Mueller should recuse himself from the Russia investigation .
The cost of building a new multi-million pound Borders railway station has risen .
Two of the UK 's biggest vloggers have told Newsbeat they 're against plans to make YouTube videos clearer about sponsored content .
A British diver has spoken of his  bittersweet success '' after Maltese authorities dropped a case against him over the deaths of two friends .
An unmanned rocket carrying supplies for the International Space Station has exploded moments after lift-off from a Virginia launch pad .
Sri Lanka 's government has criticised the media after a Buddhist monk set himself on fire to protest against the slaughter of animals .
As the race to succeed Dominique Strauss-Kahn as managing director of the International Monetary Fund -LRB- IMF -RRB- continues , two names stand out .
A British teenager who travelled to Syria to join Islamic State -LRB- Isis -RRB- has reportedly been killed in an attack in Iraq .
A group of Lebanese artists say they were asked to write anti-American graffiti on the set of the US drama series Homeland .
A man has been jailed for 16 years for a string of sex offences against teenage girls .
The funeral of Coronation Street creator Ken Warren has taken place at Manchester Cathedral .
Cardiff City manager Neil Warnock says he wants to sign two or three new players before the transfer window closes .
A celebration of the UK 's oldest carnival is to be held to mark its 50th anniversary .
A daily guide to the key stories, newspaper headlines and quotes from the campaign for the US presidency .
Prostate cancer is one of the most deadly forms of cancer in men .
A multi-million pound scam targeting TalkTalk customers has been uncovered by whistleblowers in India , the BBC has learned .
Modern Family star Sofia Vergara has been named the highest-paid actress of 2016 by Forbes magazine .
Tata Steel has confirmed it is in talks to sell its Speciality Steels business .
Wales scrum-half James Hook will return to Ospreys from Gloucester at the end of the season .
On Sunday morning , 10-year-old Faizan Ahmed Dar came home from school in a small village in Indian-administered Kashmir .
Mayo beat Derry in extra-time to win the Dr McKenna Cup .
Talks aimed at resolving the dispute over a new contract for junior doctors in England have been extended .
A near-miss involving an Air Canada plane at San Francisco 's airport has been described as  very rare '' .
Southend United striker Nile Ranger will miss the start of the season as he continues to serve a prison sentence .
Five-time world champion Ronnie O 'Sullivan says he is considering his snooker future .
London is the world 's most expensive city to travel by public transport , a survey has found .
James Hennessy , from Liverpool , travelled to Sheffield by coach with a group of friends , who all survived .
Whitehaven have appointed former St Helens academy player Carl Forster as their new head coach .
Islanders on Lewis have been warned about an email scam .
League Two side Oxford United will host Scunthorpe in the third round of the Checkatrade Trophy .
A Northern Ireland fan has died during the team 's Euro 2016 match against Ukraine in Lyon .
BBC Radio 1 has announced five new presenters for its 50th birthday celebrations .
The Republic of Ireland has become the first country in the world to ban the sale of so-called legal highs .
Wolves striker Adam Zyro is expected to be out for a  considerable time '' after suffering a cruciate knee ligament injury .
TV and radio presenter Jonathan Snow has launched a campaign to save a historic ferry service in Hampshire .
England will play their first Test in Bangladesh since July when they face the hosts in the first match at the Sher-e-Bangla Stadium in Dhaka on Saturday .
In September , Apple unveiled its much-anticipated smartwatch .
It was a rare appearance at a left-wing rally in Paris .
Millions of UK shoppers are expected to return items bought online over the festive period .
The Financial Reporting Council -LRB- FRC -RRB- should  get stronger '' , former City minister Lord Myners has told the BBC .
The BBC should have a  dedicated books programme '' , author Simon Harris has said .
The president of the Republic of Ireland is to meet later to discuss a controversial bill on abortion .
In the centre of Barcelona , there was a steady flow of people .
Men are starting to catch up with women when it comes to life expectancy , according to an academic .
A 16-year-old boy arrested following the deaths of two teenagers in Caerphilly county will face no further action , police have said .
Wales ' miserable autumn campaign came to an end with a last-gasp defeat by Australia in Cardiff .
At least 11 people have been killed after a volcano on the Indonesian island of Sumatra erupted , officials say .
Newsnight presenter Jeremy Paxman has said he will continue to present the show with a clean-shaven look .
England 's Tyrrell Hatton and Matthew Fitzpatrick are tied for the lead going into the final round of the Arnold Palmer Invitational in Florida .
Burkina Faso international midfielder Oumar Bissouma has signed a new four-year contract with French Ligue 1 side Lille .
Teachers are being subjected to a  huge '' rise in abuse online , a teachers ' union has warned .
Torrential rains have caused severe flooding in the southern Indian city of Chennai -LRB- Chennai -RRB- .
How much do you remember about the news in Wales over the past 12 months ?
The UK is to ban five terrorist groups , including the so-called Islamic State in Iraq and the Levant -LRB- ISIS -RRB- .
Wales wing Liam Williams will miss Scarlets ' Pro12 game against Zebre on Saturday , but the region have no plans to delay signing him from Toulon .
Saracens forward Calum Clark has been ruled out for the rest of the season with a neck injury .
Rory McIlroy has withdrawn from the BMW Masters in Shanghai because of a stomach bug .
Former footballers Gary Neville and Ryan Giggs have unveiled revised plans for a # 1bn development in Manchester .
A team from the BBC has been embedded with Iraqi forces fighting against so-called Islamic State -LRB- IS -RRB- in Mosul .
Cardiff 's Principality Stadium is keen to host a Anthony Joshua fight , says chief executive Martyn Phillips .
The Home Office has issued a notice to the owners of takeaway restaurants in Aberdeen asking them to explain why they should not be fined for employing illegal workers .
Online retailer Amazon has announced that it is recording its European sales in the UK , Germany , Spain and Italy .
Antonio Conte 's successor as Italy coach has been named as Giampiero Ventura .
A Turkish air force pilot has been killed after his jet crashed near the Syrian border , officials say .
It 's a warm summer evening and the surrounding hills glow golden in the setting sun , but on closer inspection , all is not quite as it seems .
A Denbighshire pensioner died after being hit on the head by a boat propeller while on holiday in Malta , an inquest has heard .
Flappy Bird , one of the world 's most popular mobile games , has been taken down .
SpaceX , the private rocket company , normally carries out a routine test of its rocket .
Scientists in the United States have created human-pig embryos for the first time .
He stands 6ft 2in -LRB- 2 in -RRB- .
St Mirren midfielder Craig Goodwin has been charged with violent conduct by the Scottish FA .
He 's one of the greatest footballers of all time .
Millions of Muslims are celebrating Eid al-Fitr today , the end of the month of Ramadan .
A table tennis coach has admitted having sexual activity with a teenage girl .
The first results of primary school admissions in England have been published .
A migrant dinghy has been attacked by a Libyan coast guard speedboat off the coast of Libya , the aid group Sea Watch has said .
Four men have admitted carrying out an armed robbery at a flat in Fife .
A Grade II-listed theatre is to be sold at auction .
Barnsley 's League One play-off hopes suffered a blow as Chesterfield won at Oakwell .
North Korea has fired an intercontinental ballistic missile -LRB- ICBM -RRB- for the second time , officials say .
The Bank of England 's chief economist has warned that interest rates could remain lower for longer .
A senior State Department official asked the FBI to change the classification level of an email sent by Hillary Clinton while she was secretary of state , according to newly released documents .
Convicted sex offenders are still using Facebook despite being banned from the site , a BBC investigation has found .
Scottish Professional Football League chairman Iain Wishart has called for a  proper and adult discussion '' on the issue of gambling in the game .
Imax , the world 's largest cinema company , is planning to list its shares in Hong Kong .
The Democratic Republic of Congo 's President Joseph Kabila has appointed opposition leader Jean-Pierre Tshibala as prime minister .
The chief constable of West Yorkshire Police has been cleared of any wrongdoing .
Leicester 's winless start to the Premier League season continued as they were held to a goalless draw by Southampton .
Facebook has published detailed maps of the world 's population .
A police dog that bit a man has been put down .
Parts of the UK could be set for a heatwave this week .
Germany 's economy grew faster than expected in 2016 , according to official figures .
A man who posed as a clown near schools in County Antrim has apologised to parents for causing distress .
Parents in Australia who refuse to vaccinate their children could lose their childcare subsidies .
An investigation into serial killer Peter Tobin is to be scaled back .
Ten years ago I went to San Francisco to cover the launch of the iPhone .
The Didcot Power Station chimney tower has been reported to have come down .
Venezuela 's defence minister says two men have been arrested in connection with an attack on an army barracks earlier this month .
Joe Marler will captain the British and Irish Lions against the Hurricanes in Wellington on Tuesday .
Facebook has defended keeping a billionaire on its board despite his involvement in a legal battle with the news website Gawker .
A German far-right politician has been injured after being hit by a car driven by a group of refugees .
Local authorities should be given the power to raise extra money for the NHS and social care , the Liberal Democrats ' Norman Lamb has said .
A US basketball player has been found guilty of using a fake South Korean grandmother to play in the country .
A pipe bomb has been found in west Belfast .
An inquest into the murders of 11 Protestant workmen by loyalist paramilitaries has been delayed again because of a lack of a coroner .
Jim Broadbent has won rave reviews for his return to the West End stage as Ebenezer Scrooge in A Christmas Carol .
A 93-year-old former Waffen SS soldier who was convicted of murdering three Dutch civilians during World War II has been transferred to prison .
lambing season is a busy time for farmers , with thousands of baby sheep being born across the UK .
Hilary Mantel has won a prestigious crime award for her debut novel Someone Else 's Skin .
The family of a six-year-old girl who drowned in a swimming pool have won a High Court battle for compensation .
US Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump has held talks with Mexican President Enrique Pena Nieto .
A man is in a critical condition in hospital after being stabbed in the chest .
Hartlepool 's League Two play-off hopes suffered a blow as they lost 2-0 at home to Barnet .
A jockey has been given a 12-month driving ban after his lawyer argued he was  morally innocent '' because he is a sleep walker .
Two men have died in separate road accidents in the Republic of Ireland .
South Africa batsman Hashim Amla has resigned as captain of the Test team after the second Test defeat by England .
New signing Olivier Ntcham has  everything to be a top , top level number eight '' , according to Celtic boss Brendan Rodgers , after making his debut in Saturday 's friendly defeat by Paris St-Germain .
BBC Sport 's football expert Mark Lawrenson is pitting his wits against a different guest each week this season .
When Pope Benedict XVI stepped down as head of the Roman Catholic Church in February 2013 , it was one of the biggest shocks in the history of the church .
Donald Trump has said African-American communities are in the  worst shape '' they have ever been in .
A woman whose body was found in a flat has been named by police as Samantha Winning .
Isabelle Linden scored on her Women 's Super League debut as Birmingham City Ladies drew at Reading .
Plans for a 15,000-seater entertainment arena in Bristol are being revived as part of the city 's regeneration .
Gylfi Sigurdsson says Swansea City 's 2-1 win at Aston Villa was  fantastic '' for the team .
An independent review of the security services in London is to be carried out , the mayor has announced .
Since the EU referendum result , I have been talking to a lot of people in Wales .
A council has voted to ban smoking breaks for its staff .
The Queen and the Duke of Edinburgh have been asked to approve plans for a new tennis court at their country home .
Partick Thistle captain Mustapha Osman says the club are desperate to keep manager Alan Archibald .
World champion Marc Marquez took the lead in the MotoGP title race with victory in Aragon .
A man who sexually assaulted a woman in Canterbury has been jailed for eight years .
More than 500 migrants from Myanmar and Bangladesh have been rescued from a sinking boat off the coast of Indonesia .
Britain 's Andy Murray will take on Novak Djokovic in Sunday 's French Open final , with both men looking to win their first Grand Slam title .
The president of the International Olympic Committee has apologised for comparing the Russian doping scandal to the Holocaust .
The Labour Party in Wales has launched an investigation after a councillor was accused of sharing anti-Semitic comments .
A man who attacked two policewomen with a machete in Belgium was a 29-year-old Algerian living in the country , prosecutors say .
Tsai Ing-wen , the leader of Taiwan 's independence-leaning Democratic Progressive Party -LRB- DPP -RRB- , has never been one to mince her words .
The British and Irish Lions tour of New Zealand will go down as one of the greats .
Leinster came from behind to beat Scarlets and go top of the Pro12 .
A 92-year-old man who has dementia has said he will fight to keep his mobility scooter .
Plans to build a new hospital in Somerset have been given a boost after the government announced # 15m of funding .
Viewsnight is BBC Newsnight 's new place for ideas and opinion .
Hundreds of gull eggs have been stolen from a protected colony .
A school in Sydney has banned students from clapping at assembly .
Muslim clerics in Mauritania have called for the death penalty for a blogger convicted of insulting the Prophet Muhammad .
A police officer who wrongly recorded the date of birth of the wrong man has been disciplined .
An amateur baker has baked a cake in the shape of a Land Rover engine to celebrate the carmaker 's two millionth vehicle .
Aaron Cook has been left out of Great Britain 's taekwondo team for the London Olympics after the British Olympic Association ratified the selection of Lutalo Muhammad .
A Powys school is set to take over the running of a town 's library .
A record number of birds have been spotted on Tiree in the Western Isles .
In the past two weeks , three journalists have been shot dead in Mexico .
Pope Francis is on a five-day trip to Africa , his first visit to the continent since he was elected in 2013 .
The number of people diagnosed with cancer in Wales has increased by 10 % in a decade , according to new figures .
Sierra Leone has been declared free of Ebola , the World Health Organization -LRB-WHO -RRB- says .
Private equity firm KKR has raised its bid for Australia 's Treasury Wine Estates -LRB- TWE -RRB- .
Strong winds and heavy rain are causing disruption to flights in and out of the Republic of Ireland .
The jury in the trial of a former Catholic priest has been discharged after failing to reach a verdict .
Tickets for an exhibition by street artist Banksy have gone on sale again , despite technical problems with the website .
A number of cakes decorated to look like fairytale princesses have been taken to homeless shelters after a party at a golf club turned violent .
Irish teenager David Mullins rode Rule The World to victory in the Grand National at Aintree .
Torquay United have signed Barrow defender Lewis Anderson on a deal until the end of the season , as well as bringing in Republic of Ireland Under-21 international Ronan Keating on a short-term deal .
Kilmarnock have ended the season-long loan deals of Aberdeen 's Jordan Waddington and Dundee United 's Liam Davies .
Wakefield Trinity Wildcats chief executive Steve Carter says the club 's lease at Belle Vue is  crippling '' .
A mental health trust has been praised for treating patients with kindness , dignity and respect .
A South Korean soldier has been sentenced to death for killing four of his colleagues in an attack blamed on bullying .
There are lots of people in Scotland who want to stay in the European Union .
A shop worker who accidentally left his tools in a charity shop has been inundated with offers to appear on I'm a Celebrity... Get Me Out of Here .
The FBI has obtained a court order to search the Los Angeles home of an alleged hacker .
The chairman of Leeds United saw the club 's employee as  a pair '' , an employment tribunal has heard .
The next secretary-general of the United Nations is about to take part in a  public hustings '' .
Pakistan have been given permission to tour India during the World Twenty20 .
Bournemouth striker Harry Wilson says he feels  strong and ready '' after making his return from a knee injury .
Conservationists in Spain have criticised tourists who tried to rescue a stranded dolphin .
The Beatles ' first contract , signed by the band 's manager Brian Epstein , has been sold at auction for # 100,000 .
Royal Bank of Scotland -LRB- RBS -RRB- has seen its capital levels fall in the latest European banking stress test .
National League side Chester City have re-signed defender Ben Lloyd on a one-month loan deal from National League rivals Braintree Town .
Children 's toys , such as Hello Barbie and My Friend Cayla , could be targeted by hackers under plans being considered by the Home Office .
A watermelon farmer in central China has died after a dispute with local officials , state media report .
The health minister has said he is hugely disappointed '' by the way the scandal at a Denbighshire mental health unit has been handled .
League One side Fleetwood Town have signed Leicester City midfielder Luke Davis on a permanent deal .
Leonardo Ulloa 's injury-time penalty earned 10-man Leicester a dramatic draw against West Ham .
About 800,000 chemists in India will go on strike on Wednesday to protest against online drug sales , officials say .
Carrick Rangers have signed former Crusaders player Jamie McAllister on a deal until the end of the season .
A 16-year-old boy has been arrested on suspicion of attempted murder after a teacher was stabbed at a school in Bradford .
Lee Westwood says he is feeling  back to the stage '' as he prepares for the 145th Open Championship at Royal Troon .
Scotland 's teenage number one Laura Adderley won the women 's title at the Scottish National Squash Championships in Edinburgh .
Michael van Gerwen beat Peter Wright 9-6 to win the Premier League title at Alexandra Palace .
Plans for a quarry on ancient woodland in Staffordshire are the  largest threat '' to such land in England , according to the Woodland Trust .
Kilmarnock manager Lee Clark said his side 's promotion to the Premiership was tinged with a warning .
Perth and Kinross Council 's decision on the future of Perth Concert Hall could be delayed again .
The violence that erupted in the German city of Dortmund at the weekend was the latest in a series of clashes between rival football fans .
Over the past few weeks , we have been following the story of the thousands of migrants who have been rescued from the sea .
The Mexican government has agreed to deliver food to the southern state of Oaxaca after weeks of protests by teachers .
South African athlete Oscar Pistorius was on his stumps when he struck the toilet door with a cricket bat , his murder trial has heard .
Dozens of people queued up at a cash machine in North Lanarkshire after it paid out double the requested amount .
A young Northern Ireland filmmaker is working in the video game industry in Los Angeles .
Manager Mixu Paatelainen hailed his 10-man Dundee United side after they held on to beat St Johnstone .
Nigeria 's main opposition party has won control of most of the country 's states for the first time .
The UK government 's top lawyer has told the Supreme Court that the Scottish Parliament has  no authority '' over international relations .
A stretch of the towpath on the River Dee in Flintshire is to be closed to the public for repairs .
Private landlords in England are to be given new powers to evict migrants from their properties .
The number of plastic bottles washed up on UK beaches has reached record levels , a charity has said .
The US Central Intelligence Agency -LRB- CIA -RRB- has been revealed as the maker of malware , according to Wikileaks .
The curtain has come down on Edinburgh 's arts festival season .
Sunday Times columnist Adrian Gill has died at the age of 55 , the paper has announced .
Former England and Tottenham striker Jimmy Greaves is in a critical condition after suffering a severe stroke .
The 2017 Tour de France Grand Depart will start in the German city of Dusseldorf .
The government continued to fund Kids Company despite concerns about its financial management , a report has found .
When John Swinney became finance secretary , he knew that the Scottish government had to put together a budget .
Rebekah Evans has said she has  given up hope '' of becoming the next leader of UKIP .
Former Wrexham midfielder Dean Keates has been appointed as the club 's permanent manager .
Police investigating the murder of a schoolgirl 21 years ago are working with Canadian forensic experts .
Chelsea have won the Premier League title for the first time in 50 years , and they have done it in style .
An Iranian football goalkeeper has been suspended for wearing trousers known as pongeBob SquarePants '' .
Saturday 's game between Oldham Athletic and Peterborough United has been postponed because of a frozen pitch .
The number of homeless applications from the private rented sector in Scotland has risen to 18 % , according to a report by Shelter Scotland .
A man has been held at knifepoint during an aggravated burglary at his home in west Belfast .
A new diplomatic push is under way to find a political solution to the crisis in Syria .
Rory McIlroy and Victor Dubuisson share the lead going into the final round of the Turkish Open .
A man and his dog have been rescued after becoming stuck in a tree .
The world 's largest Marine Protected Area -LRB- MPA -RRB- has been approved .
Students are being warned not to buy so-called  smart drugs '' online .
Mae Prif Weinidog Cymru , Carwyn Jones , wedi dweud y bydd rheolaeth o'r dyletswyddau yn syth wedi Brexit .
Manchester City midfielder Kevin de Bruyne will be out for up to 10 weeks with the hamstring injury he suffered in Sunday 's FA Cup win over Everton .
Mark Williams was knocked out of the World Championship by Ding Junhui in the second round .
At least five people are feared dead after a building collapsed in the southern Italian city of Naples .
McLaren 's Jenson Button and Mercedes ' Nico Rosberg have questioned the safety of the new Baku Grand Prix track .
A Conservative candidate has won damages after being falsely accused of trading with the so-called Islamic State .
A memorial to a teenager who drowned in the River Avon is to be installed .
The SNP 's Nicola Sturgeon has been declared the winner of the Scottish Parliament election .
A fleet of gritters has been brought back on to Gloucestershire 's roads after being stood down because of a lack of salt .
Alex Salmond has visited the European Free Trade Association -LRB- EFTA -RRB- to discuss Scottish membership .
Salmon have returned to a stretch of a Cumbrian river after it was restored .
A financial services firm has announced plans to create 500 jobs in Birmingham .
Scotland 's national sporting body says it is  heartbreaking '' to announce a 20% cut to its budget .
A former children 's services worker has been jailed for two years for stealing more than # 50,000 from a fund for vulnerable children in Newport .
A swan shot with a bow and arrow in Fife has been released back into the wild .
Dirk Coetzee , one of South Africa 's most notorious apartheid-era spies , has died at the age of 82 .
A bus driver has died after a crash with a lorry .
A jury in the Liam Fee murder trial has been shown a video of the toddler lying dead in his bedroom .
The Mormon Tabernacle Choir and the Radio City Rockettes are to perform at Donald Trump 's inauguration .
When I arrived in Bangkok , I had no idea what to expect .
A hospital 's accident and emergency unit has been criticised for having  poor waiting times '' .
Hewlett-Packard has apologised and promised to remove restrictions on using unofficial printer ink cartridges .
Two men have appeared in court charged with the murder of a man who was stabbed at a West Midlands takeaway .
A new footbridge is to be built to replace a Grade II-listed bridge which has collapsed in a North Yorkshire town .
Scientists are studying the complete skeleton of a Stegosaurus , one of the largest dinosaurs ever to have lived .
Economy Minister Simon Hamilton has outlined his plan to deal with the Renewable Heat Incentive -LRB- RHI -RRB- scandal .
Northampton Saints have announced plans to build a new stand at Franklin 's Gardens .
Britain 's Johanna Konta and Andy Murray have reached the semi-finals of the Australian Open for the first time .
Tesco has apologised after using an image of a farmer pulling a carrot on an organic farm in a promotional campaign .
A wartime Welsh independence poster has sold at auction in Conwy county for 1,100 .
The French military warned Brazil of a possible jihadist attack during this summer 's Olympic Games in Rio de Janeiro , the French army chief has said .
Hull FC have signed prop Joe Arundel from Castleford Tigers on a two-year deal .
More than 30,000 people in the southern German city of Augsburg are to be evacuated on Sunday to allow experts to defuse an unexploded World War II bomb .
Badminton , which won a bronze medal at the Rio Olympics , has had its funding withdrawn by UK Sport .
Luton Town climbed off the bottom of League Two with a comfortable win over Bristol City .
The home town of the UK 's Eurovision hopeful is preparing to celebrate if he and his partner win the competition .
Manchester City have been fined # 10,000 after breaching anti-doping rules .
Britain 's Giles Scott won silver in the Finn class at the World Championships in Spain .
The spaceship that crashed on Friday , killing a pilot , had a faulty ignition device .
All-Ireland club hurling final live on the BBC Sport website and BBC Radio Ulster 1341MW on Thursday 17 March .
Andy Murray beat Stan Wawrinka to reach the semi-finals of the ATP World Tour Finals in London .
A  major '' upgrade of the motorway between Edinburgh and Glasgow has been completed .
A post-mortem examination on the body of a man who died from measles was inconclusive , a coroner has said .
Catalans Dragons have sacked head coach Laurent Frayssinous .
Hearts have signed former Motherwell goalkeeper Lee Hollis following injuries to Neil Alexander and Stephen Gallacher .
Disgraced cyclist Lance Armstrong has told the BBC he would never race again .
Airdrie Savings Bank has announced the appointment of a new chief executive .
Millions of older people in England are struggling with everyday tasks such as washing , dressing and going to the toilet because of a lack of support , a report says .
Why would a British citizen be killed by a drone in Syria ?
New Castleford Tigers half-back Rangi Chase says he is  mentally right '' to return to Super League .
A Kent council has said it is facing a # 580,000 hole in its finances .
A new population of rare spiderlings has been released into the wild in Suffolk .
A former Google employee was left in charge of the search giant 's website after an administrative error .
Omar Bogle missed a stoppage-time penalty as Barnet twice came from behind to earn a 2-2 draw at Grimsby .
Police in the US state of Missouri have fired tear gas to break up a protest over the killing of an unarmed teenager .
Burton Albion have signed Brentford 's Lucas Christensen and Coventry 's Cauley Woodrow on loan until the end of the season .
The Australian government has blocked the sale of the country 's largest private landholding to foreign investors , saying it is in the national interest .
An amateur diver has claimed to have discovered a new depth record for Loch Ness .
The world 's oldest people live in Norway , according to a new index .
More than a quarter of European bee colonies died last year , according to a new study .
A seven-year-old boy has died in a house fire in Neath Port Talbot .
A 25-year-old man has been sentenced to 20 years in jail for hacking into US government computers and handing over a list of American military personnel to the so-called Islamic State .
A camera has been installed at a lifeboat station to monitor sea conditions .
It 's a shocking claim , based on figures from the Office of National Statistics , that hunger and/or dehydration were a factor in 828 patient deaths in hospitals and care homes .
This is the final in a series of videos about money .
A record number of people have visited Scotland 's ski areas this winter , according to Ski Scotland .
A West Berkshire fire station is to close permanently .
Aberdeen 's first ever comedy festival is getting under way .
The death of a woman in County Down is being treated as suspicious , police have said .
Shrewsbury Town have signed West Bromwich Albion youngster Joe Roberts on loan until the end of the season .
David Cameron is to meet German Chancellor Angela Merkel to discuss the migrant crisis and the UK 's EU renegotiations .
A 77-year-old woman has died in a deliberate house fire in Paisley .
A former primary school teacher has been jailed for 16 years for raping and sexually abusing girls .
Wales Women ran in seven tries as they thrashed the British and Irish Forces at the Principality Stadium .
Former Leyton Orient striker Simon Cox says he is struggling to find a club to play in the English Football League .
TalkTalk has confirmed that the financial details of some of its customers were stolen in a cyber-attack on its website in October .
Prince Harry is offering Caribbean young people the chance to work in the royal household .
Tens of thousands of people have taken part in pro-independence rallies in the Spanish region of Catalonia .
Craig Shakespeare 's desire to succeed Claudio Ranieri as Leicester manager is  out of order '' , says former Foxes defender Martin Keown .
A building has collapsed on the Spanish island of Lanzarote , leaving at least nine people missing .
It 's a question England have been asking themselves for a long time .
The UK 's Serious Fraud Office -LRB- SFO -RRB- should investigate corruption claims surrounding the 2018 and 2022 World Cups , a UK MP has said .
Theresa May has set out her vision for the future of the UK in a speech to the Conservative Party conference .
UKIP has been accused of  scaremongering '' over its stance on immigration .
The US space agency -LRB- Nasa -RRB- has launched a mission to sample material from the asteroid Bennu .
Partick Thistle 's relegation fears deepened as Inverness Caledonian Thistle eased to victory at Firhill .
Lawyers are taking legal action against Shropshire Council over a baby ashes scandal .
A California mother who was abducted two weeks ago has been found alive , police say .
Barratt Homes has announced plans for two new developments in Edinburgh .
Seven Hong Kong police officers have been jailed for six months for beating up a protester .
A British rock star is visiting Washington DC to encourage people to become bone marrow donors .
Scientists say they have made a significant step towards treating type 1 diabetes .
A cyclist who died after being hit by a car that had been pursued by police has been named by police .
Plans to devolve tax powers to the Welsh Government without a referendum are a  hollow argument '' , the first minister has said .
A new species of shrimp has been named after rock band Pink Floyd .
Letting agencies are charging tenants for services they do not provide , a Labour AM has said .
The mood in the Ukrainian capital Kiev is one of hope .
Prisons are  less safe and less decent '' for older prisoners , according to a report by the Prison Reform Trust .
The PSNI has said it has made  significant progress '' in dealing with public order-related incidents .
A man has appeared in court charged with an acid attack .
Vern Cotter says he understands why the Scottish Rugby Union chose to appoint Gregor Townsend as head coach instead of him .
The ferry service between Guernsey and the Isle of Man has resumed .
The Turkish army says a suicide attack by the Kurdistan Workers ' Party -LRB- PKK -RRB- has killed five police officers and injured 24 others in south-eastern Turkey .
The Church of England is to stop investing in fossil fuel companies .
Activity in the UK housing market has picked up , according to official figures .
Hibernian moved back to the top of the Championship with victory over St Mirren .
Two men are on the roof of Swansea Prison .
New Argentina coach Edgardo Bauza says he wants to talk to Lionel Messi before naming him in his first squad .
German Chancellor Angela Merkel 's Christian Democrats -LRB- CDU -RRB- have suffered their worst regional election result since World War II .
The father of a man accused of slavery has told Cardiff Crown Court his son-in-law was a  nice guy '' .
National League side Lincoln City reached the third round of the FA Cup for the first time with a 3-2 win over League One side Oldham Athletic .
Eddie Redmayne has been working with a coach to prepare for the role of Einar Wegener .
Young tenants are the most vulnerable to identity theft , a survey has suggested .
Paceman Adam Milnes , wicketkeeper Ben Lewis and all-rounder Liam McKay will leave Derbyshire at the end of the season .
First Minister Carwyn Jones has accused the Conservatives of  politics of the gutter '' .
Goals from Tom Bolarinwa and Ashley Chambers earned Grimsby a 2-0 win over Accrington at Blundell Park .
Former international footballer George Weah has won a seat in Liberia 's senate , according to official results .
Irish Paralympic champion Jason Smyth says he is already thinking about his next challenge .
What do you do if you want to make a difference in someone 's life ?
Police in the western Indian state of Maharashtra have arrested a doctor after the discovery of 11 aborted female foetuses in a drain .
A project to mark the life of a Scottish poet is to be launched .
All the results from Saturday 's County Antrim games .
The National Audit Office -LRB- NAO -RRB- has just published a report on the profitability of the big four outsourcing companies .
Taylor Swift 's Shake It Off has been banned from Triple J 's Hottest 100 list .
Ethnic minorities in Hong Kong are being denied equal access to education , according to a new report .
Rafael Nadal is one of the greatest tennis players of all time .
Bristol Rovers manager Paul Sturrock says he is struggling to cope with his current injury crisis .
Goldman Sachs is changing the way it hires students .
Scientists have developed a new type of lithium-ion battery which could be used in smartphones and other electronics .
Dominika Cibulkova will face Angelique Kerber in the final of the WTA Finals in Singapore on Sunday .
Twenty-five people have been arrested in a series of anti-terrorism raids across Europe , police say .
Electronics giant Samsung has agreed to buy US firm Harman International in a deal that will help it develop connected cars .
US actress Jane Fonda has been honoured with the American Film Institute 's life achievement award .
Doncaster Rovers have signed Queens Park Rangers midfielder Luke Young on loan until the end of the season .
A social worker who was sacked for viewing pornography has been struck off .
A group of stone monoliths in the Cotswolds has been recognised for its views of the night sky .
Scots actress Karen Gillan is one of the stars of the new Marvel superhero movie , Guardians of the Galaxy .
Nasa 's Curiosity rover has begun its first test of the Martian air .
A  complete and unexplained volte-face '' by a government minister has been ruled unlawful by the High Court .
One of the UK 's rarest birds has returned to Norfolk .
Children as young as 10 were involved in recent rioting in Northern Ireland , the police have said .
Beach huts on the Lincolnshire coast are to be restored after being awarded a # 1m grant from the government .
A pothole may have contributed to the death of an 80-year-old cyclist , an inquest jury has concluded .
Lenovo and Acer have joined the growing trend for bigger batteries in smartphones .
Politicians on both sides of the Brexit debate have been urged to stop  fuelling hate '' .
Campaigners are walking through the Lake District in a bid to stop giant pylons being built in the area .
Gavin Robinson has accused those campaigning for the UK to leave the EU of using  fear tactics '' in the referendum campaign .
On the border between California and Mexico , a mile-and-a-half-long stretch of concrete barriers , razor wire and high-tech surveillance devices , are in place .
The dark net is the world 's largest marketplace for illegal firearms , according to a study .
A man who raped a woman 30 years ago has been jailed for 12 years .
Wales manager Chris Coleman says he is  not surprised '' Marcus Rashford has been named in England 's Euro 2016 squad .
The Pirate Bay , one of the world 's largest file-sharing websites , has been relaunched .
A freight train has derailed and caught fire in the US state of Tennessee , forcing the evacuation of about 500 people .
The UK will vote on 23 June on whether to remain a member of the European Union -LRB- EU -RRB- .
The Ospreys are to review their coaching structure following the departure of Scott Johnson , says Andrew Hore .
Alfred Hitchcock 's Vertigo has beaten Orson Welles ' Citizen Kane to be named the greatest film of all time .
TV presenter Sian Jones has given birth to a baby boy .
The new mayor of Tshwane , South Africa 's largest city , has said he will stop buying luxury cars for politicians .
Serbia captain Branislav Ivanovic says Wales manager Chris Coleman 's side will be  a completely different team '' when they meet in Cardiff on Saturday .
Women 's Super League One side Yeovil Town Ladies have re-signed American midfielder Courtney Howard on a one-year deal .
An elderly man has been assaulted and robbed in his home in Glasgow .
Singapore 's Joseph Schooling beat Michael Phelps to win the men 's 100m butterfly at the Rio Olympics .
Connacht have signed New Zealand-born prop Dominic Robertson-McCoy on a two-year deal .
Organisers of the Tour de France have been criticised for allowing a breakaway to cross a railway line seconds before a high-speed train passed .
The family of an 82-year-old woman who died after being hit by a car have paid tribute to her .
Three teenagers jailed over the fatal stabbing of a man have had their sentences increased at the Court of Appeal .
For the first time , the BBC Proms has had a female conductor in charge , with American Andris Alsop leading the orchestra in Elgar 's Concerto .
Former Foreign Secretary Jack Straw has defended his role in a review of the Freedom of Information Act .
Conductor and musicologist Christopher Hogwood has died at the age of 74 .
Striker Joshua King says Bournemouth 's players will not take their feet off the gas now they are  safe '' from relegation .
When Bolivian film-maker Marta Cappa stumbled across an old film in her attic , she had no idea what to expect .
Boxing legend Muhammad Ali has died at the age of 74 .
Authorities in Nigeria 's largest city , Lagos , have shut down more than 100 mosques and churches in a crackdown on noise .
India 's ambitious plan to create the world 's largest biometric identity database is taking shape .
All photographs by Ouch Sony , Phnom Penh .
Scotland 's opposition parties have criticised Alex Salmond for unveiling a portrait in Edinburgh on the day he was in Westminster .
A woman who killed her unborn baby by taking a cocktail of sedatives has been jailed for four years .
Conservationists have criticised a draft report on the future of Wales ' national parks .
Pep Guardiola 's final game in charge of Borussia Dortmund ended in defeat as Wolfsburg came from behind to win the German Cup .
A full-blown undergraduate degree will be available online within five years , says the head of one of the world 's biggest online course providers .
The 12-year-old boy who stole the show at the Grammy Awards in Los Angeles on Sunday night has been described as  the star of the show '' .
US directors Terrence Malick , Wim Wenders and Tom Ford are to have their films screened at this year 's Venice Film Festival .
A giant structure designed to contain the aftermath of the world 's worst nuclear accident has begun moving on to the site in Ukraine .
In a refugee camp in northern Iraq , a group of women and children were sitting around a table , listening to visitors .
A number of fuel tanks have been found dumped in south Armagh .
A teenager who suffered life-changing injuries when he fell from the roof of a college has been refused compensation by a judge .
A former CIA station chief convicted in Italy of kidnapping a terror suspect has been arrested in Panama .
A suicide bomber has killed at least 45 people at a football match in southern Iraq , officials say .
A human rights activist from the United Arab Emirates has won a prestigious human rights award .
A man has died in a house fire in East Sussex .
There is a lot of speculation about who leaked the Labour Party 's general election manifesto .
Drivers are being warned to expect long delays at Legoland because of changes to road signs .
A controversial system of detaining asylum seekers while they await hearings has been suspended .
GoPro , the maker of action cameras , has said it will cut 1,000 jobs as part of a restructuring .
Glasgow 's iconic Mackintosh building is celebrating its 100th anniversary .
Premiership side Harlequins have signed fly-half Demetri Catrakilis from Racing 92 .
The BBC has always been very good at keeping secrets .
Plans for a new justice centre in Inverness have been submitted to Highland Council .
The number of people looking to buy or sell a home has fallen for the first time in six years , according to surveyors .
Myanmar 's opposition National League for Democracy -LRB- NLD -RRB- has named its two candidates for vice-president , as parliament prepares to elect a new government .
Alexandra Palace is to be transformed into a theatre and TV studios after it was awarded # 10m from the Heritage Lottery Fund .
Veteran US actor Eli Wallach has died at the age of 95 .
The prime minister has been to the National Eisteddfod before .
League One strugglers Oldham Athletic have announced they will offer free entry to all fans for Saturday 's home game against Sheffield United .
The UK film industry spent a record amount on production last year , according to the British Film Institute .
The world 's first Concorde has been unveiled in Bristol .
A rugby player was killed in a suspected racing crash , an inquest has heard .
The UK economy grew by 0.6% in the third quarter of the year , official figures show .
Manchester United manager Louis van Gaal says goalkeeper David De Gea will not play in Saturday 's Premier League opener against Southampton .
A victim of child sex exploitation in Rochdale has said Asian men are still targeting girls in the town .
Derbyshire fast bowlers Ben Cotton and James Taylor have signed one-year extensions to their contracts with the club .
United States striker Abby Wambach has announced she will retire from international football at the end of December .
Walsall have signed Crewe Alexandra midfielder Jon Nolan on a two-year deal .
If you 're going to be a pop star , you 've got to be pretty .
Legislation banning the use of e-cigarettes in public places in Wales has been passed by the assembly .
West Bromwich Albion have signed Greece international striker Kostas Makris from Greek side Panathinaikos on a four-year deal .
A $150,000 -LRB- # 100,000 -RRB- dress worn by actress Lupita Nyong 'o at the Oscars has been stolen from a hotel in Los Angeles , police say .
Plaid Cymru has launched its assembly election campaign by accusing Labour of  failing Wales '' .
Eastern Europe 's chances of becoming the next UN secretary general are hanging in the balance .
A man has been arrested on suspicion of causing death by dangerous driving after a cyclist was hit by a car following a police chase .
A tour operator has collapsed with the loss of more than 1,000 jobs .
Thousands of Pakistani Christians have attended funerals for victims of Sunday 's church bombings in the eastern city of Lahore .
A man who raped and killed a 12-year-old girl 40 years ago has been jailed for life .
Gunfire has been heard in the Ivory Coast city of Bouak , a day after soldiers mutinied over pay .
National League side Boreham Wood have signed former Liverpool striker David Ngoo on a deal until the end of the season .
Accountants , banks and other firms that help people evade tax will face tougher penalties if the Lib Dems win the general election , Danny Alexander has said .
A library book has been returned to a school 120 years after it was borrowed .
The number of subsidised bus services in Wales could be cut by up to 40 % , local authority leaders have warned .
A public inquiry has begun into plans to build 500 homes in Kent .
Thousands of people have travelled to the Republic of Ireland to take part in the Commonwealth Games .
Stevenage have signed striker Nathan Hyde on a two-year deal .
US First Lady Melania Trump 's decision to move her family out of the White House during her husband 's presidency has sparked a backlash on social media .
A Beatles album sleeve featuring a collage of the band 's faces has topped a list of the most valuable records .
Tributes have been paid to a 91-year-old cyclist who was killed in a crash .
Warren Gatland is targeting a third Grand Slam as Wales coach in this year 's Six Nations .
Young people in England are being offered qualifications of  little worth '' in the vocational education system , a report says .
More women are breastfeeding their babies in England , according to official figures .
The company behind plans for a subsea electricity cable linking the Western Isles with the mainland has been asked for more information .
Mae elusen RSPB Cymru wedi cadarnhau ei gyhuddo .
National League side York City have re-signed Macclesfield Town striker Shaun Parkin on a one-month loan deal .
Baroness Warsi is one of the most powerful women in British politics .
Defending champion Angelique Kerber suffered a shock 6-4 6-2 defeat by Zheng Saisai in the second round of the Wuhan Open .
Award-winning Scottish author Irvine Boyd is to write a new James Bond novel .
The authorities in Russia have blocked access to pornography websites for a second time .
The former head of MI5 has said the UK 's participation in the Iraq invasion increased the level of terrorist threat to the UK .
The battle for Tal Afar is being seen by many as a game of musical chairs .
Everton manager Ronald Koeman should be  a little bit tougher '' on his players , says former Republic of Ireland captain Roy Keane .
Fifteen people have been arrested during clashes in Dover .
Firefighters have been tackling a blaze at an industrial unit on the outskirts of Aberdeen .
Four men have been charged with attempting to murder police officers in Craigavon , County Armagh .
World Cup final referee Nigel Owens says he has no plans to retire .
Australia 's Immigration Minister Peter Dutton has launched a scathing attack on media coverage of the country 's offshore detention centres .
A teenager has been charged with the murder of a man who was stabbed to death in Essex .
The winding-up petition against the Lotus F1 team has been adjourned until 21 December .
The government 's plan to resettle Syrian refugees in the UK will have an unintended consequence , the head of the Catholic Church in England and Wales has said .
An MP has said he will stand down at the next general election .
Drivers have criticised plans to increase the cost of a course to avoid a fixed penalty for speeding .
The maker of Apple 's iPhones , Foxconn , has reported a sharp rise in profits thanks to strong sales of the company 's products .
He is the man who was once the world 's fastest sprinter but who has been banned twice for doping .
The Greek people are to vote on Sunday on whether to accept the terms of an EU-IMF bailout .
The London Fire Brigade -LRB- LFB -RRB- has apologised for using the term  hipsters '' in a tweet about a fire in east London .
The first satellites are being built for the OneWeb space broadband network .
Newport County manager Justin Edinburgh turned down an approach from Gillingham for defender Nathan Byrne .
A Welsh amateur boxing association is  not fit for purpose '' and does not qualify to receive public money , an audit has found .
An ambulance contractor has said he is  aggrieved '' after not being paid for his work .
A man has been arrested after two men died when a car hit a tree in Staffordshire .
Chelsea Ladies kept their Women 's Super League title hopes alive with a comfortable win over Liverpool Ladies .
Tiger Woods missed the cut at the Farmers Insurance Open as England 's Justin Rose retained his lead .
An Indian court has ruled that a transgender woman can become a police officer in the state of Tamil Nadu .
Wales manager Chris Coleman would be  hard to turn down '' if a Premier League club offered him a job , says former Fulham boss Bobby Roberts .
The London Stock Exchange -LRB- LSE -RRB- has said its shareholders will be asked to approve its planned merger with Deutsche Boerse .
The Football Association has backed Michel Platini to be the next president of Fifa .
Sir Ben Ainslie led Oracle Team USA to a remarkable comeback to beat Team New Zealand and retain the America 's Cup .
A former US student who was jailed for six months for sexually assaulting an unconscious woman has been released from jail .
Stevie Johnson 's injury-time winner gave Motherwell a dramatic victory over Inverness Caledonian Thistle .
US President Donald Trump has accused his predecessor , Barack Obama , of being behind leaks and protests against him .
The number of women becoming nuns in the UK is on the rise , according to the Catholic Church .
Northern Ireland Under-21 international Kyle McClean has signed for St Johnstone .
Four British soldiers died after their vehicle crashed into a canal in Afghanistan , an inquest has heard .
Fewer people are dying from heart disease and strokes in Scotland , according to new figures .
Loganair has completed the first stage of a multi-million pound refurbishment of its fleet .
An investigation is under way after a wind turbine collapsed in County Armagh .
An investigation into the death of a baby girl , who was mauled to death by her mother 's dog , has found no failings by police .
Former minister Phil Parkinson has won the St Peter Port North by-election .
The prime minister has hinted there could be a scheme to help people who bought diesel cars despite concerns about air pollution .
A British-made satellite panel has been found by a local fisherman in northern Brazil .
Sajid Javid , the business secretary , has welcomed China 's pledge to cut its steel production .
Fifteen Indian nurses held hostage by Islamist militants in Iraq have returned home .
New England Patriots quarterback Tom Brady has apologised to the National Football League after his four-game 'deflate-gate ' ban was overturned .
England 's Ian Poulter will take a two-shot lead into the final round of the Turkish Open in Antalya .
A man from Carmarthenshire is trying to track down a postcard he received almost 30 years ago .
A man has been arrested in connection with the alleged hacking of Pippa Middleton 's iCloud account , Scotland Yard has said .
Robert Snodgrass scored twice on his return from injury as Hull City came from behind to beat Southampton .
The UK 's hottest day of the year so far has been recorded at 36.7C -LRB- 98F -RRB- in London .
Chelsea have appointed Guus Hiddink as interim manager until the end of the season following the sacking of Jose Mourinho .
Crystal Palace winger Yannick Bolasie could leave the club in the January transfer window .
A  mess '' new arts centre in Gwynedd is likely to open in June , a construction worker has told BBC Wales .
For the second time in a month NHS workers have gone on strike in a row over pay .
The son of Dutch football legend Johan Cruyff has paid tribute to his father .
The Indian Railways ministry has been praised on Twitter for helping a pregnant woman , after a passenger tweeted about it .
Three more men have been arrested in connection with the murder of Stephen McIlhagga .
The Scottish and Welsh governments have said they are  deeply concerned '' about the government 's plans to repeal EU laws before Brexit .
Israeli police are investigating a possible price-fixing scandal involving school trips to the Auschwitz death camps .
A nurse who downloaded hundreds of thousands of indecent images of children has been jailed for four years .
Elite firms are  systematically excluding bright working-class applicants '' from their workforce , a report says .
Joe Root is the obvious choice to be England Test captain , says pace bowler James Anderson .
A lorry driver who killed a couple in a head-on crash has been jailed for eight years .
For decades , the United States was the world 's dominant power .
Two brothers have been jailed and a third has been given a three-year sentence for drugs offences .
A woman in the US state of Utah has been sentenced to life in prison for killing six of her newborn babies .
In the streets of El Salvador 's capital , an advert has been placed in local newspapers urging people not to join criminal gangs .
A man 's body has been found at a recycling plant in Bristol .
Plans for a new bridge over the River Ness have been unveiled .
Council-run schools should be given the power to sponsor struggling schools , councils say .
Brighton winger Dale Stephens will serve a two-match ban after the Football Association rejected his appeal .
Telecoms regulator Ofcom has released an app to help people check if their wi-fi is working properly .
Two Tube lines have been temporarily closed due to the Grenfell Tower fire in west London .
It 's a story that takes in one of Wales ' most famous rugby academies and Huddersfield Town .
South African prosecutors are to appeal against the conviction and sentence handed down to athlete Oscar Pistorius for killing his girlfriend .
Syrian government forces have captured a key district in the central city of Homs from rebels , state media say .
A cyclist has been taken to hospital following a crash on the A470 in Monmouthshire .
New Zealand 's Joseph Parker will fight Andy Ruiz Jr for the vacant WBO heavyweight title on 10 December .
Championship side Derby County have signed former AC Milan midfielder Milan Benedicic on a two-year deal .
Two police officers have been convicted of conspiring to steal drugs destined for Birmingham .
A new  state-of-the-art '' cancer palliative care unit could be built at Royal Glamorgan Hospital in Bridgend .
Ethiopia has come a long way since its war with the West in 1991 .
Campaigners are calling for a specialist muscular dystrophy centre to be built in Wales .
A charity has paid tribute to a woman who helped save the lives of thousands of people with polio .
Somerset have re-signed South African all-rounder Roelof van der Nerwe on a two-year deal .
A cathedral in Surrey is set to undergo a # 10m refurbishment .
Indonesia 's president has summoned Australia 's ambassador after reports that Canberra spied on his phone .
Bournemouth have signed striker Jermain Defoe from relegated Sunderland for an undisclosed fee .
-LRB- Close -RRB- .
The FBI has agreed to help unlock an iPhone belonging to one of the San Bernardino attackers , a day after it said it would fight a court order to access the phone .
A samba school in the Brazilian city of Rio de Janeiro has won this year 's carnival parade .
Olam International , the world 's biggest supplier of palm oil , has been accused of buying products from rogue producers in Indonesia .
The US has appointed its first ambassador to Cuba in more than 50 years .
Referee Mike Dean has been charged with misconduct by the Football Association .
New signing David Vaughan says some of his Sunderland team-mates want to return to the Premier League .
Double Olympic champion Nicola Adams says she has joined forces with trainer Virgil Hunter to become a world champion .
Police are treating a serious assault in Edinburgh as attempted murder .
Theresa May says she wants to reassure the world that Britain 's future is bright .
At least three people have died in Japan after choking on rice cakes .
Salmon has overtaken whisky as the UK 's most popular food and drink export , according to industry figures .
There has been a sharp rise in the number of police shootings and road traffic deaths in England and Wales , figures show .
A court in southern Russia has jailed six people for performing a twerk dance at a monument to Soviet soldiers who fought in World War Two .
A man has denied killing a former rugby player in Swansea .
So what is the fiscal lock in the Labour manifesto ?
Detectives investigating the fatal shooting of a mother and son in a north London flat have said they are following a number of lines of inquiry .
Labour leadership contender Liz Kendall has said she is the only candidate who can win back voters who deserted the party under Ed Miliband .
There is  no green light '' for new gambling machines in the UK , the government has said .
A protest has taken place in north Belfast against the forthcoming retirement of the Catholic priest Fr Brendan Donegan .
Former Crusaders player and manager Paul Callaghan has been appointed as the new manager of Carrick Rangers .
Sony is to restart production of vinyl records for the first time in more than 30 years .
North Carolina Republicans have chosen a state lawmaker as their nominee to run against Democratic Senator Kay Hagan in November 's election .
The Bank of England has released the results of its annual stress test of the UK banking system .
Former West Indies coach Phil Simmons has returned to his role as a national selector .
As Russell Knox emerged from the clubhouse at Inverness Golf Club , his eyes welled with anticipation .
A security alert on the Falls Road in west Belfast has ended .
The daughter of British aid worker David Haines has called for Islamic State -LRB- IS -RRB- to be eradicated .
A substance normally found in fish could help boost the body 's defences against deadly infections , research suggests .
A plane bound for Chicago has made an emergency landing in Edinburgh after declaring a  mechanical issue '' .
The husband of a British-Iranian charity worker jailed in Iran has said she is  terrified '' as she appeals against her sentence .
Joe Garner , the head of BT 's Openreach business , is to leave to become chief executive of Nationwide .
A police officer has been arrested over an alleged plot to kidnap a colleague .
Britain 's Mark Latham won bronze in the men 's scratch race at the Track Cycling World Championships .
Irish mixed martial arts fighter Conor McGregor says he will fight at UFC 200 despite being withdrawn from the card .
A Grade II-listed manor house is to open its doors to the public for the first time in 80 years .
Why do we change what we buy and how are some of the biggest brands in the UK changing ownership and ranking ?
The idea of an EU army is  pointless '' , the UK defence secretary has said .
Morocco has been readmission to the African Union -LRB- AU -RRB- .
Former Premier League footballer Clarke Carlisle has been given a 12-month driving ban for drink-driving .
England manager Roy Hodgson says his side must win their Euro 2016 qualifier against Switzerland in Bern on Monday .
Two former leaders of Cambodia 's Khmer Rouge regime are to face a second trial at a UN-backed genocide tribunal .
A man has been charged in connection with a bomb attack on a police station in County Tyrone 20 years ago .
Wrexham striker Andy Morrell has been appointed as caretaker manager to replace Dean Saunders .
A woman in her 70s has died in a house fire in Ballymena , County Antrim .
This year 's Eurovision Song Contest took place in Kiev , the capital of Ukraine .
Money raised from stamp duty should be used as a benchmark for funding the Welsh Government , experts have said .
One of the world 's most important coral reefs has been devastated by the El Nino weather phenomenon , say scientists .
The European Union and Norway have agreed a deal on fishing quotas in the North Sea for 2015 .
The first thing that strikes you about the reception centre run by the International Organization for Migration -LRB- IOM -RRB- in Belgrade is how chaotic it is .
Pakistan has lifted a three-year ban on YouTube , imposed after an anti-Islam film was posted online .
The last two journalists working on Fleet Street say they feel  unworthy of the torch '' that they are carrying .
Britain 's Chris Froome remains third in the Vuelta a Espana after a crash in the final sprint saw the race end in a sprint finish .
A 16-year-old girl who headbutted and punched a police officer at Dundee Sheriff Court has been detained for eight months .
The Church of England has named its first female bishop , the Reverend Libby Lane .
More than 50 jobs are under threat at a Swansea-based firm .
A man has been arrested on suspicion of causing death by dangerous driving after a pedestrian was killed in Leicester city centre .
A head teacher who has been at a school for 35 years is to retire .
The UK government 's science advisory body has called for greater regulation of genetically modified -LRB- GM -RRB- crops .
Peter Kennaugh has won the Volta a Catalunya .
Championship side Bristol City came from behind to beat 10-man Watford in the EFL Cup second round .
A record number of jobs were created in Wales by overseas firms last year , according to new figures .
Spain 's government is at loggerheads with Catalonia 's secessionist leaders .
The head of Spain 's national rail company has said there was no indication that the driver of a train that derailed last month , killing 79 people , had been affected by drugs or alcohol .
There was a moment on Monday when it looked as if Europe was on the verge of a banking crisis .
Premier League football clubs are entering a  new era of sustained profitability '' , according to business consultancy Deloitte .
The BBC 's director general Tony Yentob has said he would not rule out the possibility of a new series of Top Gear .
US car owners will be able to tinker with software in their vehicles without breaking copyright laws .
Google has been ordered by a Dutch court to hand over information about people who left fake reviews about a nursery .
Hampshire coach Dale Benkenstein says all-rounder Gareth Berg could miss the start of the county season because of a hamstring injury .
Prince William has said he takes his royal duties  very seriously '' , but that when the time comes he will  develop into the duty role '' .
Former Scotland defender Willie Watson has been appointed as Stuart McCall 's assistant for the forthcoming World Cup qualifiers .
Polling stations have opened across Merseyside for local elections .
Craig Whyte and Gavin Forsythe scored late goals as Crusaders beat Linfield 2-0 to go seven points clear at the top of the Irish Premiership .
A man with learning difficulties has been assaulted and robbed at knifepoint in South Lanarkshire .
At least 20 civilians have been killed in Russian air strikes on the so-called Islamic State -LRB- IS -RRB- stronghold of Raqqa in northern Syria , activists say .
The sale of four Royal Navy frigates has been completed .
Iran is committed to giving up its nuclear weapons programme , French Foreign Minister Laurent Fabius has said .
Thousands of teenagers across the UK have received their A-level results .
A cruise ship stranded in the Gulf of Mexico for five days with more than 4,000 people on board has docked in the US state of Alabama .
The victim of a historical rape has written to the Director of Public Prosecutions , Alison Saunders , to complain about the way the case was handled .
A Walkers crisp factory in County Durham is to close with the loss of 355 jobs .
Archaeologists have unearthed the remains of a Roman town in Dorset .
Michael Garcia , the former US federal prosecutor who led Fifa 's investigation into the bidding process for the 2018 and 2022 World Cups , has resigned .
Jack Grealish scored twice as England Under-21s came from behind to beat Guinea 6-1 at the Toulon Tournament .
A woman with no mental capacity has been told by a High Court judge that she has the right to refuse a life-saving kidney treatment .
A senior clergyman has resigned from his post over a cathedral 's decision to allow a Muslim student to read a passage from the Koran .
Coach Warren Gatland says Wales will learn from their series defeat by New Zealand .
Arsenal have signed teenage midfielder Krystian Bielik from Legia Warsaw for an undisclosed fee .
Glasgow 's defeat by Northampton in the European Champions Cup at Scotstoun was a chastening experience .
Home Depot , the world 's largest home improvement retailer , has reported a sharp rise in sales , helped by a strong US housing market .
It 's been a good first week at Wimbledon for me , winning my first two matches in straight sets .
Historic England has said it is  deeply saddened '' by the loss of a former textile mill in Bradford .
For David Cameron , the decision to take military action in Syria has been a long time coming .
Japanese knotweed has been a problem in the UK since Victorian times .
Phil Taylor beat Kim Huybrechts to set up a PDC World Championship quarter-final against Raymond van Barneveld .
Leigh Centurions secured their first Super League win of the season with a convincing victory over Salford Red Devils .
A man who stabbed his ex-girlfriend 's new boyfriend to death in front of two young children has been jailed for life .
The partner of a transgender woman who was found dead in her cell has said a letter she wrote to him was ignored by prison officials .
Scottish Labour leader Kezia Dugdale has backed Owen Smith in the party 's leadership contest .
Work to restore the Swansea and Brecon Canal has begun .
Instagram , the photo-sharing app owned by Facebook , has announced that it is introducing advertising .
Australia 's Speaker of the House of Representatives , Peter Slipper , has resigned , dealing a blow to Prime Minister Julia Gillard .
A Brazilian man has been arrested at Rome 's Fiumicino airport for allegedly trying to smuggle cocaine into Italy in his trainers .
The clock is ticking , the deadline is looming , and there is no end in sight to the political deadlock .
Ricky Burns retained his WBO world lightweight title with a unanimous points victory over Mexico 's Arturo Beltran in Glasgow .
Mexican footballer Alan Pulido called an emergency number from his kidnapper 's phone as he fought off his captors , officials say .
Emperor penguins in the Antarctic are surprisingly adaptable , a study suggests .
Plans for a new # 4m lifeboat station in Scarborough have been approved by councillors .
The pig industry in Scotland is facing a  crisis '' , according to a farming union .
Michael Dunlop set the fastest lap of Wednesday 's Senior TT practice session .
A 16-year-old boy who died after a party in south-east London suffered a head injury , police have said .
Robert Snodgrass will be out for six months with a cruciate knee ligament injury , Hull City manager Steve Bruce has confirmed .
Goals from Joel Threlkeld and Craig Tanner earned League Two leaders Plymouth victory over Crawley .
A college in Dorset has been awarded a # 5m grant from the government to refurbish its buildings .
Championship side Reading have signed Burnley midfielder Dave Jones on a two-year deal for an undisclosed fee .
A canoe has been found in the middle of the M1 motorway .
The body of a woman has been found in woodland in Wirral , Merseyside Police have said .
Edinburgh moved up to sixth in the Pro12 with a narrow win over Newport Gwent Dragons at Rodney Parade .
US banking giant JP Morgan Chase is reported to be close to agreeing a $13bn -LRB- $ 10bn -RRB- fine for its role in the financial crisis .
The government has approved plans for a new Tube line in south-west London .
The number of women in the UK who have suffered a miscarriage is on the rise , with one in five expecting a baby this year .
England 's performance in the first Test against India in Rajkot was unacceptable .
Microsoft has unveiled Xbox SmartGlass , an app that links the firm 's video games console to tablets and televisions .
Lancashire 's One-Day Cup match against Northamptonshire was abandoned without a ball bowled because of rain .
Ross County moved off the bottom of the Scottish Premiership with victory at Kilmarnock .
Disgraced snooker player Stephen Lee has been ordered to repay 1,600 to a fan who paid for a custom-made cue .
Plans to commercialise Wales ' forests are to be announced by the environment minister .
I 've been in Brussels for a few days , and I've never seen anything quite like it .
The government 's immigration cap could have caused a  crisis '' in the NHS this winter , MPs have said .
Former Rangers captain Barry Ferguson believes Scott Allan would be a perfect fit at Celtic .
Hundreds of people have taken part in a march in support of the steel industry in Scotland .
A man has been charged in connection with the murder of Jean McConville .
JK Rowling 's Harry Potter spin-off film Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them is to be made into a sequel , film studio Warner Bros has confirmed .
A man has been arrested on suspicion of murder after a woman was found dead at a house in Worcestershire .
Bruno Alves is the "perfect fit" for Rangers manager Pedro Caixinha , according to his former Porto team-mate Mick McCarthy .
A millionaire was shot in the leg by an intruder who burst into his home armed with a stocking over his head , a court has heard .
Ciara Mageean has been left out of the Irish team for the European Team Championships .
Thousands of Little Mix fans have been left disappointed after the band cancelled a concert in Belfast due to Jesy Nelson being unwell .
Manchester United are ready to spend big in the summer transfer window .
Powers over teachers ' pay and conditions will be devolved to Wales , Welsh Secretary Alun Cairns has announced .
At least 20 civilians have been killed in an air strike on a village held by so-called Islamic State in eastern Syria , activists say .
All pictures are copyrighted and may not be used without permission .
South Africa beat Sri Lanka by an innings and 88 runs on the fourth day of the first Test .
A hospital has banned visitors following an outbreak of the norovirus bug .
A man has died in a house fire in Bicester .
Red Bull 's Daniel Ricciardo set the pace in first practice at the Hungarian Grand Prix .
Mae Heddlu Gogledd Cymru wedi cyhoeddi ei gyhuddo ar gyswllt fideo o garchar Altcourse yn Lerpwl .
Mario Balotelli says he is prepared to leave the pitch if he is racially abused again .
A writer-activist has been charged with sedition for allegedly insulting the Indian national anthem .
England manager Sam Allardyce says it is a  big concern '' that goalkeeper Joe Hart is being left out of Manchester City 's first team .
Former Labour MP Bob Marshall-Andrews has joined the Liberal Democrats .
Actress Angharad Rees , best known for her role in Poldark , has died at the age of 69 .
The world 's largest fund manager , BlackRock , is set to cut up to 1,000 jobs in the US , according to reports .
Hundreds of cyclists have taken part in two events in Plymouth .
A project to get black and ethnic minority women into work has been awarded # 1m by the Scottish government .
Three pupils have been expelled following the discovery of a small amount of cannabis on school property .
Chelsea have been celebrating their Premier League title win with an open-top bus parade .
It has been a long time coming , but Jim Hutchison has finally completed the sale of his stake in Motherwell .
Sheffield Panthers moved to within a point of Elite League leaders Cardiff Devils with a thumping win over Nottingham Panthers .
A mother and son have broken the world record for the fastest lap of the Isle of Wight .
Whole brain radiotherapy is no longer an effective treatment for lung cancer , say doctors in the Lancet .
A man has been arrested after two teenagers were killed in a crash .
A man has been jailed for lying to police about a hit-and-run which killed a 16-year-old boy 12 years ago .
Indian hammer thrower Gagandeep Singh has blamed a  conspiracy '' for his failed drugs test .
French presidential candidate Francois Fillon and his wife Penelope have been questioned by police over claims she received public money improperly .
A woman who claims a former royal aide sexually abused her has told a court she is  not fantasising '' .
A new Australian law that threatens doctors and nurses with up to two years in prison if they reveal protected information about Australia 's detention facilities has sparked protests , writes the BBC 's Clarissa Sebag-Montefiore .
Five men who named a woman who accused footballer Ched Evans of rape have been cautioned by police .
Manchester City Women have signed Netherlands international midfielder Danielle Middag from Ajax Amsterdam for an undisclosed fee .
A man who attacked a colleague with a meat cleaver has been jailed for 16 years .
Parents are being urged to encourage their children to try new foods in school meals .
Chesterfield director of football Graham Turner has left the League One club by mutual consent .
Ben Stokes and James Taylor hit centuries as England reached 311-4 on the first day of their tour match against Zimbabwe in Potchefstroom .
Newport County chief executive Stuart Foxall says the club are  expecting to be honoured '' at Rodney Parade .
A former Falklands war veteran has written a series of children 's books about life in the armed forces .
West Bromwich Albion manager Tony Pulis says striker Saido Berahino is overweight .
Quinton de Kock and Hashim Amla hit centuries as South Africa beat England by seven wickets in the third one-day international .
It 's one of the biggest events in the world of online marketing , and this year it 's taking place in London .
Two suspected members of so-called Islamic State -LRB- IS -RRB- have been arrested in Germany on suspicion of planning a terror attack , officials say .
A 95-year-old man who phoned in to a BBC radio show to say he felt  alone '' in his wife 's care has been taken to the studio to talk to listeners .
When BBC Radio 4 asked me to produce a new programme about love , I knew it would be a challenge .
One of the UK 's leading fund managers has called for the UK to leave the European Union .
Tony Adams says his time as Granada coach has been a  disaster '' after his side lost 2-1 to Espanyol .
Mexican President Enrique Pena Nieto has promised to rebuild a fireworks market destroyed by a series of explosions on New Year 's Eve .
Accrington Stanley have signed Fulham midfielder Filip Rodak on loan until the end of the season .
The families of two men who died in a crash have paid tribute to them .
The Supporters ' Trust says it is still waiting to hear from the new owners of Swansea City .
An eight-year-old girl has urged a council to make a disabled swing at a new play park for her twin brother .
Rangers moved up to second in the Scottish Premiership with victory over Aberdeen .
Wales have reached the quarter-finals of a major tournament for the first time since 1958 .
Human remains have been discovered during work at Brighton 's Corn Exchange .
The father of a US student who was held in North Korea for 15 months and left in a coma has criticised the country 's government .
Bovine tuberculosis -LRB- TB -RRB- is an infectious disease of cattle and is caused by the bacterium Mycobacterium bovis .
A campaign has been launched to save Newport 's Arthur Machen reference library from closure .
Ajax midfielder Abdelhak Nouri has suffered a  severe brain injury '' after collapsing on the pitch on Sunday , the Dutch club says .
The Scottish government has been warned it could face legal action over its record on air pollution .
French President Francois Hollande 's plan to strip jihadists convicted of terrorism of their French citizenship has triggered a political storm .
Theresa May 's letter to the president of the European Council setting out the government 's plans for leaving the EU has been met with a mixed response in Wales .
Holiday firm Monarch says it has seen a  big increase '' in bookings since the terror attacks in Paris and Brussels .
Efe Ambrose 's proposed move from Celtic to Blackburn Rovers on transfer deadline day is in doubt .
Luke Marshall scored two tries as Gloucester came from behind to beat Sale Sharks in the Premiership .
Charles scored a late winner as La Liga leaders Barcelona beat 10-man Atletico Madrid at the Nou Camp .
The number of people waiting for mental health treatment in Wales has doubled in six years , new figures have shown .
Frank Pantridge , the Belfast doctor who invented the portable defibrillator , was a man of few words .
A memorial service has been held to protest against plans to dig up a cemetery to make way for the HS2 high-speed rail line .
The sale of ARM Holdings to Japan 's Softbank is a  bad deal '' for the UK economy , former City minister Lord Myners has said .
Microsoft has defended its decision to search a blogger 's Hotmail accounts .
A white supremacist who killed three people at two Jewish sites in the US has been sentenced to death .
Huddersfield Town boosted their Championship play-off hopes with a comfortable victory over Norwich City .
Hartlepool United have signed Reading midfielder George Tshibola and Mansfield Town striker Ben Bingham on loan until the end of the season .
Scottish Chambers of Commerce -LRB- SCC -RRB- is to undertake a  deep-dive '' of Scottish companies with potential to export to China .
Welsh triathlete Helen Jenkins says she has a  massive desire '' to qualify for the 2016 Rio Olympics , despite missing out on a place alongside Vicky Holland and Non Stanford .
A robotic hand that can control its own movements has won a UK engineering prize .
West Ham United has been ordered to reveal its rent for the Olympic Stadium .
It was half-time in Malta and Gordon Strachan was talking about a crisis .
James Maddison is one of the best players in League One , according to Peterborough United manager Grant McCann .
Plymouth Argyle captain Paul Hartley says his late winner against Portsmouth in the League Two play-off semi-final second leg was the biggest moment of his career .
The inventor accused of killing a Swedish journalist on board his submarine has changed his story , Copenhagen police say .
There has been a dramatic increase in the number of young people voting in the general election .
International Olympic Committee president Thomas Bach says he has no regrets over the organisation 's handling of the Russian doping scandal .
Britain 's Anthony Joshua has been told he must defend his WBA heavyweight title against American Victor Ortiz in November .
Chris Eubank Jr says he will not let the injury to Nick Blackwell affect his performance in his British title fight against Liam Doran on Saturday .
Too many people with mental health problems are being failed by the care they receive at home , a report suggests .
Fiji , a former British colony , is one of the world 's most prosperous countries .
NHS Highland has approved plans for a Community Midwife Unit -LRB- CMU -RRB- at Caithness General Hospital in Wick .
Coventry Blaze have signed defenceman Liam Stewart , the son of former Premier League footballer David Stewart .
An exhibition celebrating the work of William Blake has opened in south London .
A burst hot water pipe at a new school was  like a sauna '' , an MSP has said .
French Prime Minister Manuel Valls has accused the British media of  bias '' and  attacks '' on his country .
Hamilton Academical have signed former St Mirren defender Greg van Zanten on a one-year deal .
Richard Hannon has likened rising star Marquand to three-time champion jockey Ryan Moore .
Tucked away in a corner of the National Museum of Natural History in London , is a small laboratory .
A coach drop-off and pick-up point in Conwy town centre is to be improved because of a  growing road safety risk '' .
The International Atomic Energy Agency -LRB- IAEA -RRB- says it has seen signs that North Korea is restarting a nuclear reactor .
In the run-up to the UK 's EU referendum on 23 June , British expats living in Australia are being urged to vote .
Education Secretary Michael Gove has condemned the removal of three children from the care of a couple who are members of the UK Independence Party -LRB- UKIP -RRB- in Rotherham .
Peter Houston is targeting promotion to the Premiership as Falkirk manager .
An international team of astronomers has added to the list of giant stars in the centre of the Milky Way .
Sumner Redstone has removed Viacom chief executive Philippe Dauman from the company 's board .
Captain Chris Robshaw described England 's first-half display as  shocking '' as they lost to France in Paris .
Isle of Wight Council is to appeal after a father won a legal battle to take his daughter on holiday in term time .
British pair Naomi Broady and Heather Watson lost 6-3 6-2 to Chan Yung-jan and Yung-Jan in the final of the Rogers Cup in Toronto .
The UK is  skint '' when it comes to spending , according to credit card firm Visa .
A 19-year-old man has been jailed for planning a terror attack on Oxford Street .
Honeymoon murder suspect Shrien Dewani has been extradited from the UK to South Africa .
The number of midwives working in the NHS in Wales is  deteriorating '' , according to a report .
An Iron Age hill fort in Gwynedd may have been a centre of community and political activity , archaeologists say .
Do you want to share this with your friends ?
US conservative activist Phyllis Schlafly has died at the age of 91 .
Gambling revenue in the Chinese city of Macau hit a record high in 2010 , according to official figures .
US chipmaker Qualcomm has agreed to pay a record $ 2.4bn -LRB- # 1.7 bn -RRB- fine to China 's anti-monopoly regulator .
A 37-year-old man has been arrested in connection with the deaths of a man and woman in Dundee .
In our series of letters from African journalists , film-maker and columnist Farai Sevenzo considers the state of Zimbabwe .
A man is in a critical condition after being hit by a lorry on the M6 motorway .
A married couple have pleaded guilty at Belfast Crown Court to the rape and assault of a woman they kept as a slave .
The death of a rapper has been ruled an accident .
A man arrested on suspicion of being involved in the Berlin Christmas market attack was released after it emerged he had no contact with the attacker .
Cardiff City defender Bruno Ecuele Manga has been released from hospital after being diagnosed with malaria .
Jon Stewart has hosted his final edition of The Daily Show , after 16 years as its host .
Charges against former Rangers owner Craig Whyte have been dropped .
Ipswich Town manager Mick McCarthy says defender Christophe Berra is the best in the Championship .
Poland 's conservative Law and Justice party has won the country 's general election .
Up to 30 million passengers a year could fly out of Luton Airport under new plans .
Guernsey manager Craig Vance says his side 's FA Cup first-round replay against National League side Sutton United could have been avoided .
Oldham Athletic beat 10-man Wigan Athletic to reach the second round of the EFL Cup .
The story of how the founders of the UK 's fastest-growing micro-brewery , BrewDog , came about , is a remarkable one .
A group of motorcycle taxi drivers in Tanzania are being trained to be paramedics .
People at high risk of heart disease should consider taking cholesterol-lowering drugs called statins , a review says .
Glastonbury Festival has pleaded guilty to polluting a river after a sewage leak , a court has heard .
Peter Houston says he is open to the possibility of adding another striker to his Falkirk squad .
The government has been defeated in the House of Lords over plans to give English MPs a veto over laws affecting England .
South Africa 's President Jacob Zuma has said he will pay back some of the  Nkandla '' -LRB- R246m -RRB- spent on his private home .
Doga Makiura , a 25-year-old Japanese entrepreneur , left his job as an engineer in Tokyo to travel to Rwanda .
Former British middleweight champion Nick Blackwell 's trainer has been found guilty of misconduct .
England head coach Eddie Jones has defended his team 's treatment of Ireland 's Johnny Sexton .
Sam Tomkins says he would never rule out returning to Wigan Warriors in the future .
Jamie Hamill has returned to Kilmarnock after being released by Hearts .
Actor Joaquin Phoenix has said he does not want to win an Oscar .
Illustrations by Laurent Sanguinetti for the BBC .
The passenger dragged from a United Airlines flight at Chicago 's O'Hare Airport said he was  terrified '' when he left Vietnam , his lawyer has said .
A woman has been left blind in one eye after a laser pen was shone at her by two teenage boys in Glasgow .
A lighthouse has been erected at Walt Disney World in Florida in memory of a boy who was killed by an alligator .
The head of the Organization of American States -LRB- OAS -RRB- , Luis Almagro , has hit back at Venezuelan President Nicolas Maduro for accusing him of being a traitor .
At the Chalcots Leisure Centre in Camden , north London , the gym is a hive of activity .
A man has launched an appeal against his conviction for threatening to blow up an airport on Twitter .
Veteran comedian Norman Collier , best known for his chicken impression , has died at the age of 89 .
In our series of letters from African journalists , film-maker and columnist Farai Sevenzo considers the history of tobacco .
Police have shot dead two suspected Islamist militants during anti-terror raids in eastern Belgium , officials say .
A student has said she is  devastated '' after losing her hand in a nightclub .
The BBC 's Radio 1 , 1Xtra and Capital radio networks have all seen listenership fall , according to ratings body Rajar .
Germany 's domestic intelligence agency -LRB- BfV -RRB- says it has arrested a 25-year-old employee .
Lord Coe 's role as IAAF president is  fabulous '' , says the man who wrote a damning report into doping in athletics .
Newcastle United have sacked manager Steve McClaren with immediate effect .
A teenager who bit off half of a man 's ear has been jailed for four years .
A hacker has invaded the internet with an attack on thousands of printers .
A majority of Christians in England and Wales do not believe in the death and resurrection of Jesus , a Church of England survey has suggested .
A High Court ruling in favour of a father who took his daughter on holiday during term time causes a  huge amount of confusion '' , a senior MP has said .
Sir Elton John has said he is  not surprised '' that heterosexual people are still at risk of contracting HIV .
Scientists have discovered a fossilised fruit that dates back to the end of the last century .
Ulster Rugby has defended its decision not to wear a poppy during Sunday 's game against Newport Gwent Dragons .
The captain of the Costa Concordia , Francesco Schettino , has been found guilty of manslaughter .
US Olympic swimmer Ryan Lochte has lost three major sponsors , including swimwear brand Speedo .
Manchester United manager Louis van Gaal blamed his side 's poor start for their 2-1 defeat at Ajax .
Three people have appeared in court charged with terrorism offences .
Derby County and Brentford played out a goalless draw in the Championship .
At least 40 members of Yemen 's special forces have been killed in an air strike by the Saudi-led coalition , officials say .
The mothers of two teenagers missing off the coast of Florida say they believe their sons are still alive .
Pakistani police have arrested two men wanted in connection with the murder of a prominent Pakistani politician .
Plans to create new marine protected areas in Welsh waters have been scrapped , the environment minister has said .
The digital revolution is changing the way we design and make things .
The mother of missing teenager Charlene Jones is taking legal action against police .
Manchester United manager Louis van Gaal says the Europa League is the best route to Champions League qualification .
The BBC 's Sound Of 2016 list has been revealed .
Thein Sein , Myanmar 's president , has pledged to continue the country 's reform process .
It is one of the world 's most beautiful trees .
Baroness Nuala O 'Loan is a survivor of the Troubles .
The number of prosecutions dropped by the Crown Prosecution Service -LRB- CPS -RRB- in England and Wales has risen for the first time , figures show .
Tranmere Rovers and Fleetwood Town played out a goalless draw in League One .
Adults across the UK are going to the polls today to vote in the general election .
Cadel Evans became the first Australian to win the Tour de France with victory in the penultimate stage of the race .
Thirteen-year-old Karamoko Dembele has made his first-team debut for Celtic .
A hospital in the West Midlands has said it is looking at ways to tackle parking problems .
The poorest part of Kensington is  the wealthiest part of the country '' , Jeremy Corbyn has said .
For nearly 50 years , Burmese Tamil businessman Sarlan has been trying to return to his homeland .
Norwich City striker Kyle Lafferty has been fined # 10,000 and given a suspended one-match ban by the Football Association .
A former US gymnastics doctor has been ordered to stand trial on child sexual abuse charges .
The BBC is to be the focus of a major speech at this year 's Edinburgh International Television Festival .
A driver who caused the death of a three-year-old boy in a crash has been jailed for eight years .
Chinese artist and activist Ai Weiwei has opened an exhibition on the island of Lesbos .
Uncapped lock Tyler Thornton says he is  champing at the bit '' to make his Wales debut against Samoa on Friday .
Four members of the Sport NI board have resigned .
Ambulance handover times at accident and emergency departments in Yorkshire have risen by more than 50 % in two years , new figures show .
UK house prices rose slightly in December , according to the Nationwide building society .
Scarlets hooker Ken Owens says Racing 92 are the best team in Europe .
A man has been rescued after becoming trapped in a nightclub .
Each day we feature a photograph sent in from across England .
Athletics world records set before 2005 could be wiped from the record books under new proposals from European Athletics .
Pamela Geller , who has been arrested in connection with the shooting at an exhibition of cartoons of the Prophet Muhammad in Texas , is a controversial figure in the US conservative movement .
Urgent action is needed to protect a beach in Denbighshire from flooding , according to a report .
A transgender woman who killed herself in a men 's prison told her partner she wanted to move to a women 's jail , an inquest has heard .
A man who bludgeoned a Romanian woman to death with a hammer has been jailed for life for her murder .
Fabian Delph is now a Manchester City player .
Armed police have seized a gun and ammunition in Luton .
A look at some of the key events in Welsh history .
Scientists in Switzerland have developed a robot that can perform life-saving surgery .
Serbia have been awarded a 3-0 win over Albania in a Euro 2016 qualifier that was abandoned because of crowd trouble .
Spanish football federation president Angel Maria Villar has resigned from his position with European governing body Uefa .
Tom Hiddleston has spoken for the first time about his relationship with Taylor Swift , saying it is  not a publicity stunt '' .
Bernie Ecclestone has hit back at criticism from drivers about the way the sport is run .
Gordon Greer says he is open to the possibility of playing for Scotland again .
John Akinde scored the only goal of the game as Barnet beat Mansfield at the Keepmoat Stadium .
Former Anglo Irish Bank boss David Drumm has been granted bail after his extradition from the US .
Real Madrid have re-signed striker Alvaro Morata from Juventus on a four-year deal .
ScotRail has reached an in-principle agreement with the RMT union in a long-running dispute over driver-only operated trains .
Huddersfield Town have signed Torquay United midfielder Angus MacDonald on a two-year deal .
Guatemala 's former military leader Efrain Rios Montt has been declared mentally unfit to stand trial .
Children 's services in Birmingham have been rated  good '' by the Care Quality Commission .
David Gold 's social media skills have been put to the test .
The assassination of Reinhard Heydrich by British special forces in the Czech Republic during World War II has been made into a film .
Three men have been arrested after a baby Jesus doll was stolen from a nativity display in Aberdeen .
Mercedes ' Nico Rosberg won a chaotic Hungarian Grand Prix to extend his championship lead over team-mate Lewis Hamilton .
Three nurses have been found guilty of gross misconduct over the treatment of a paralysed man .
Prime Minister David Cameron has said the government will not stand for  hate crime '' in the wake of the EU referendum .
The mayor of Paris has said she is considering taking legal action against Fox News over its coverage of the Paris attacks .
Russia 's former Prime Minister Mikhail Kasyanov has accused President Vladimir Putin of failing to intervene after a Chechen leader posted a video mocking him .
US President Donald Trump is a man of few words , but when it comes to Confederate monuments , he has a few .
Chelsea manager Antonio Conte has signed a new four-year contract with the Premier League champions .
Southampton have signed winger Nathan Redmond from Norwich City for an undisclosed fee .
Marcus Trescothick and James Trego hit centuries as Somerset fought back against Middlesex .
As BBC School Report marks its 10th anniversary , we take a look back at some of the most memorable News Day stories from the past decade .
Mae nghanolfan siopa 'r Quadrant , Abertawe , wedi cael ei godi i'r categori uchaf posib ers yr ymosodiad terfysgol .
A new software system has been developed to give students the chance to see a GP before they graduate .
A book about a Welsh Guards soldier killed in Afghanistan has won the Man Booker Prize .
French customs officials have seized a Picasso painting from a boat in the English Channel .
Hampshire all-rounder Craig Young has been ruled out of Ireland 's two one-day internationals against Sri Lanka with a hamstring injury .
The first time I met the man who says he is the creator of Bitcoin , he invited me to his home in Australia .
A former head of care at a school for children with special educational needs has been charged with child sex offences .
England prop Alex Corbisiero has been called up to replace injured prop Cian Healy on the British and Irish Lions tour of Australia .
A train carriage used to carry Winston Churchill 's coffin has been unveiled after being restored in County Durham .
An unexploded bomb has been found in a park in Lancashire .
A man has been charged with attempted murder after two boys were stabbed .
A hat worn by Princess Beatrice on her wedding day has sold at auction for # 10,000 .
An investigation has been launched after a six-year-old boy was left on a school bus in Powys .
Middlesbrough 's players were  naive '' in their 4-2 Championship defeat at Hull City , says assistant manager Steve Agnew .
Liverpool Ladies have signed England midfielder Jess Greenwood from Notts County Ladies .
Social housing contributed more than # 1bn to the Welsh economy in 2014/15 , according to a new report .
The Foreign Office is investigating reports that a British national has died in Thailand .
Plans for a new school campus in the Scottish Borders have moved a step closer .
A woman has been taken to hospital after her car left the road in Aberdeenshire .
Welsh universities are among the best in the UK for student satisfaction , according to a national survey .
Scientists say they have identified a gene fault linked to an increased risk of stroke .
An appeal set up in memory of a BBC Radio Derby presenter who is terminally ill with skin cancer has reached its target .
Scientists say they have developed a blood test that could help diagnose Alzheimer 's disease .
A film about the life of one of the world 's most prominent Buddhists has been premiered in Dumfries .
The All Golds rugby league club have held talks with the owners of Super League side Gloucester City about a possible move to the city .
Celtic beat Aberdeen 3-0 at Hampden Park to lift the Scottish League Cup .
The government has been promising a radical new approach to housing for a long time .
In the Conservative Party , Euroscepticism is the iceberg , but a large and - for the leadership - possibly dangerous mass lies beneath the water .
Wigan Warriors have signed Leigh Centurions prop Sam Hopkins for an undisclosed fee .
Plans to erect wind turbines at Donald Trump 's Aberdeenshire golf course have been submitted to Aberdeenshire Council .
Police failed to properly investigate the extent of sexual exploitation of children in care , a report has found .
Electrical stimulation of a specific part of the brain has been shown to improve maths ability , by scientists at Tel Aviv University .
Heavy rain has caused flooding in parts of Essex .
England 's Matthew Fitzpatrick birdied his final hole to share the lead withbarnrat Aphibarnrat after the third round of the Qatar Masters .
Bosses have been urged not to read their staff 's private messages .
US Supreme Court Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg has admitted falling asleep during last month 's State of the Union address .
Rail services between Newcastle and Edinburgh have been disrupted after a tree fell on the line .
Bath have signed Newport Gwent Dragons hooker Jonny Evans on a two-year deal .
Director Joss Whedon has defended his decision to delete his Twitter account following criticism of his portrayal of female characters in the latest Avengers film .
UKIP Wales leader Nathan Gill has said he would give up one of his jobs if asked by new leader Paul Nuttall .
Former Prime Minister Tony Blair has said he regrets taking part in the Iraq war .
Scotland 's Education Secretary John Swinney is to make a statement following a review into the death of schoolboy Bailey Gwynne in Aberdeen .
Mae Ail Ryfel Byd wedi dweud ei llwybr ffordd osgoi'r Drenewydd yn dilyn ymgyrch .
People who are optimistic about the future are less likely to die prematurely , research suggests .
The death of Ethiopia 's Prime Minister Meles Zenawi has left a vacuum in the country 's politics .
A man has admitted robbing a bank with a fake bomb strapped to his head .
A man has been injured after a chemical drum exploded at an industrial estate in north Belfast .
Google is taking legal action against a litter-picking app in the UK , claiming it infringes its trademark .
A by-election has been held in Edinburgh to fill two seats on the city council .
In the shadow of the Mao era , China is in a state of paranoia .
Manchester United manager Jose Mourinho has no new injury or suspension worries .
Barclays has reported a drop in profits after it set aside 560m to settle claims over mortgage bonds and foreign exchange rates .
The number of people diagnosed with cancer in England taking longer to start their treatment has fallen , figures show .
A former soldier who survived the Auschwitz concentration camp is celebrating his 100th birthday .
On Wednesday , the House of Commons Energy and Climate Change Committee held a debate on the impact of Brexit on the UK 's energy system .
Human rights lawyer Amal Clooney has urged the United Nations not to let Islamic State  get away with genocide '' in Iraq .
Lewis Hamilton has been crowned world champion for a second time .
The furore over the  excessive '' pay of the chief executives of the Royal Bank of Scotland , HBOS and Lloyds Banking Group is the latest in a long line of controversies over executive pay .
Councils across England are carrying out urgent reviews of tower blocks following the Grenfell Tower fire .
The number of shops selling so-called legal highs in the UK has dropped by more than 50 % since a ban on the drugs came into force , the Home Office has said .
A new badge for Ayr United has been designed by a fan from Peru .
A strike by Merseyrail workers will go ahead on the day of the Grand National , the RMT union has said .
Tottenham 's 2-0 defeat at Liverpool shows they are  not ready to fight '' for the Premier League , says manager Mauricio Pochettino .
Derek McInnes believes Gordon Strachan has the best left-back in Scotland .
A four-year-old girl who was seriously injured in a crash which killed her mother and three other people has been released from hospital .
Anthony Joshua 's promoter Eddie Hearn says the IBF world heavyweight champion is in talks with other opponents as he attempts to secure a fight with Wladimir Klitschko .
The Israeli city of Tel Aviv has been hit by a series of rocket attacks from the Gaza Strip .
The government is to publish a new draft plan to tackle air pollution .
Domino 's Pizza Enterprises , the world 's largest franchisee for the pizza brand , has agreed to buy Germany 's biggest pizza chain .
Neil Lennon's appointment as the new manager of Hibernian was a no-brainer .
German engineering giant Siemens and Japan 's Mitsubishi have increased their offer for the energy business of French firm Alstom .
Talks between Greece and its international creditors have stalled .
A US jury has awarded $ 40m -LRB- # 27m -RRB- to the family of a woman who died of cancer after using Johnson & Johnson talcum powder .
Prosecutors in Iran say the death of prominent blogger Sattar Beheshti may have been caused by  shock '' .
The question of who was behind the attack on a school in Peshawar is becoming increasingly difficult to answer .
Two men arrested on suspicion of murdering a pub owner have been released without charge .
The Royal Mint has struck thousands of silver coins to mark the birth of the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge 's first child .
Most people think of cardiac arrest as an attack on the heart .
The former head of the Royal Navy , Lord West , has told MPs that a missile was fired into Wales .
Rangers have signed midfielder Marius Zaliukas on a two-year deal .
A prominent Australian senator has announced he is taking a leave of absence from politics to deal with mental health issues .
Chris Woakes will replace the injured James Anderson for England in the first Test against South Africa in Durban .
Flying Scotsman , the world 's most famous steam locomotive , has been given a new shade of green for its first official outing since being restored .
The world 's oldest person has died in Italy at the age of 116 .
A 16-year-old boy who admitted a string of sexual offences against young girls has been detained for two years .
Mexico 's interior secretary , Francisco Blake Mora , has been killed in a helicopter crash near the capital , officials say .
For decades, Philips has been one of the world 's biggest makers of TVs .
A Londonderry woman has failed in her bid to become the voice of the speaking clock .
The British team taking part in this year 's RoboCup , the world 's biggest football tournament , are a bit of a work in progress .
Security forces in Saudi Arabia have been shelling a town in the eastern province of Qatif , residents say .
A teenager has admitted holding a machete to the neck of a taxi driver .
A dispersal order has been issued to tackle anti-social behaviour in an Anglesey town .
At least 19 people , including tourists , have been killed in an attack on the Bardo museum in the Tunisian capital , Tunis , officials say .
An office in a tree is to be offered to the public for # 100 a month .
More than 75 million people attended UK sports events in 2015 , according to business consultancy Deloitte .
The chief executive of Royal Bank of Scotland -LRB- RBS -RRB- has said he is  worried '' about the impact of the EU referendum on the UK economy .
The US state department says it is releasing an instalment of frozen funds to help Iran meet its commitments under an interim nuclear deal .
The use of zero-hours contracts is an  epidemic '' in the UK , Labour leader Ed Miliband has said .
Scotland 's political leaders have been campaigning in the final days of the general election campaign .
Trams are returning to Birmingham for the first time in more than 60 years .
People with long-term health conditions are more likely to struggle with their symptoms if they do not learn to live with them , research suggests .
Jimmy Floyd Hasselbaink began his reign as Queens Park Rangers manager with a comfortable victory over Leeds .
A university has sent a letter to students asking them to respect their neighbours .
Great Britain 's athletes have been set a target of winning at least four medals at the 2014 Sochi Winter Olympics , UK Sport has announced .
Britain 's BAR team suffered back-to-back defeats at the America 's Cup Qualifiers in Bermuda .
A man is in a critical condition in hospital after being attacked by two masked robbers in Kilmarnock .
South Korean tech giant Samsung Electronics has forecast that its quarterly operating profit will miss market expectations .
Scottish Liberal Democrat leader Willie Rennie has held North East Fife in the general election .
The US has imposed new sanctions on Russia over its alleged interference in the US election .
A British man has been questioned by police in Peru after being caught streaking at the Machu Picchu citadel .
A hearing is to be held in the case of Adnan Syed , the subject of the hit podcast Serial .
A warrant has been issued for the arrest of former Celtic and Chelsea midfielder Osman Feruz after he failed to appear in court .
Police are searching for a four-year-old girl who failed to return to hospital after being seen by medical staff .
A petition calling for a second EU referendum after the UK voted to leave has been rejected by the Foreign Office .
Brendan Rodgers has been named as the new manager of Celtic .
A number of sporting events have been cancelled or postponed in the wake of the Manchester attack , which left 22 people dead .
Oscar-winning Polish film director Andrzej Wajda has died at the age of 89 .
Former deputy leader of the Labour Party Harriet Harman has said she is concerned about the lack of oversight of UK military operations .
Labour and the Conservatives have clashed over the future of the NHS in Wales .
A Galashiels man has appeared in court in connection with a drugs raid in the Borders .
The second annual Doonhamers ' Festival has been cancelled because of low ticket sales .
The number of illegal immigrants detained or arrested at Dover has risen sharply , figures show .
An Orange hall in west Belfast has been attacked with paint .
Poland 's parliament has rejected a controversial bill that would have imposed a total ban on abortions .
A national burial and cremation standard could be introduced following the Shrewsbury baby ashes scandal , the government has said .
Armed robbers have raided a jewellery store for the second time in five months .
The head of the Miss America pageant has apologised to Vanessa Williams for the way she was treated 30 years ago .
India 's central bank has kept its key interest rate unchanged in a surprise move .
As Egypt 's anti-government protests continue , the BBC has spoken to some of the people who have been living in Cairo 's Tahrir Square .
A service will be held to remember the 11 men who died in the Shoreham air disaster .
Striker Sam Vokes says the Wales players are confident they can beat the Republic of Ireland in Tuesday 's World Cup qualifier .
Russian weightlifter Anton Artykov has been stripped of his bronze medal at the Rio Olympics after failing a drugs test .
BBC Sport 's football expert Mark Lawrenson will be making a prediction for all 380 Premier League games this season against a variety of guests .
Hundreds of people have protested in the Afghan capital, Kabul , against the alleged blocking of fuel exports from Iran .
Zimbabwe 's President Robert Mugabe has said the government will push ahead with a controversial law requiring 51% black ownership of companies .
Wimbledon champion Marion Bartoli has retired from tennis .
A 20-year-old man has been stabbed to death in a bar in south-east London .
The news that Ofcom , the UK 's competition watchdog , is to force BT to separate its telecoms business from its pension scheme sent BT 's share price soaring .
Hundreds of people have been evacuated from the German town of Deggendorf after two levees along the Danube and Isar rivers broke .
The story of Dutee Chand 's career began with a bang .
Glamorgan batsman Colin Ingram says he is happy to stay at the club for the foreseeable future .
More than two-thirds of female athletes have experienced sexism in their sport , according to a BBC Sport survey .
A sharp fall in the price of oil has sent shockwaves through the global economy .
Garda -LRB- Irish police -RRB- are carrying out a number of searches in Dublin as part of the investigation into the murder of former boxer Frank Byrne .
Hamilton Academical and Kilmarnock played out a goalless draw at Rugby Park .
The chief constable of Northumbria Police is to retire .
A four-year-old girl has been airlifted to hospital after being attacked by a family dog .
Investigators have arrived at the scene of a plane crash in Victoria , Australia .
The government 's preferred route for the HS2 high-speed rail line between London and Birmingham has been announced .
Ebola and the ice bucket challenge were the most popular searches on Google in 2014 .
Sir Andrew Silverman is one of the most familiar faces at the Albert Hall for the British Proms .
A British backpacker has been seriously injured after falling from a moving train in Thailand , police have said .
Republican presidential hopefuls Marco Rubio and Ted Cruz have a lot in common - they both hail from Florida .
Parents have launched a campaign against plans to ban smacking children in Wales .
A complaint has been made to police after the Scottish SPCA put down a snake thought to be one of the world 's deadliest .
A South African university has boarded up a statue of British colonialist Cecil Rhodes , following weeks of protests .
Marcus Rashford 's stoppage-time winner gave Manchester United a dramatic victory at Hull City .
In our series of letters from African journalists , film-maker and columnist Farai Sevenzo considers the year 2013 .
Russian President Vladimir Putin has backed a bill that would restrict foreign ownership of Russian media .
A group of women who worked in Sheffield 's steel industry during World War Two are to be honoured with a statue .
A new class of drugs has been discovered by scientists at the Institute of Cancer Research in London .
Welsh actress Angharad Rees has died after a long battle with pancreatic cancer .
Parents who take their children out of school for holidays during a school term will have to get permission from the head teacher , the UK Supreme Court has ruled .
Guernsey 's table tennis team have won gold at the Island Games in Gotland .
French police investigating the robbery of US reality TV star Kim Kardashian West are questioning three more people .
-LRB- Close -RRB- : The FTSE 100 has closed at a record high .
A Conservative MP has said he has been subjected to a  vicious smear campaign '' .
It all started with the captain , Steve Borthwick .
Harlequins survived a second-half comeback from London Irish to reach the European Challenge Cup semi-finals .
Manchester City have signed Valencia defender Nicolas Otamendi on a four-year deal .
-LRB- Close -RRB- : US markets closed higher on Wednesday , recovering some of the previous day 's losses .
Campaigners for the deaf have called for sign language to be made the official language of Northern Ireland .
A group of homeless people are being trained to lead walking tours in Edinburgh .
Former Bolton Wanderers chairman Phil Gartside has died at the age of 74 .
Craig Levein says he has  high hopes '' for head coach Ian Cathro despite Hearts ' disappointing season .
Scientists have developed a machine that can read a person 's lips .
The second black box from the EgyptAir plane that crashed into the Mediterranean has been recovered , investigators say .
Swansea City head coach Francesco Guidolin is confident his side can avoid relegation from the Premier League .
The French ambassador to Tunisia has been killed in last week 's attack on the Bardo museum , which left 22 people dead .
A United Nations committee has called on the Northern Ireland Executive to promote a  fully integrated education system '' .
Hartlepool United have signed Sunderland midfielder Connor Nelson and Plymouth Argyle striker Jordan Rooney on loan .
A vote by the UK to leave the European Union could have  consequences '' for global financial markets , the head of the US central bank has said .
Thousands of native crayfish have been released into rivers across Wales in a bid to save the species from extinction .
Liverpool defender Mamadou Sakho has been cleared of doping by Uefa .
Western Sahara , a former Spanish colony , is now recognised by many governments and is a full member of the African Union .
West Bromwich Albion director of football Tony Mowbray has left Reading to take up the same role at The Hawthorns .
Roy Hodgson fears Manchester United midfielder Michael Carrick has suffered a serious ankle injury in England 's 1-0 win over Spain .
Sussex seamer Steve Magoffin has been ruled out for the rest of the season with a shoulder injury .
Alastair Cook made his first century since November as England drew their final warm-up match before the first Test against West Indies .
The final demolition of the  Jungle '' camp in Calais has been completed .
A bicycle hire scheme in Dumfries has failed to attract enough users in its first five years .
Former Sussex all-rounder Chris Anyon has been appointed head coach of the county 's women 's team .
A man who was over the drink-drive limit when he crashed and killed his friend has been jailed for four years .
A huge swarm of locusts is threatening Bolivia 's food supply .
Matty Taylor scored twice in stoppage time to rescue a point for Bristol Rovers at MK Dons .
A health board has been criticised over its handling of funding for a charity event .
Eight-year-old Rohit Singh is a regular on the banks of the Gandak river in the eastern Indian state of Bihar .
A new paramilitary flag has been unveiled in west Belfast .
A letter from US and Russian presidents George HW Bush and Vladimir Putin to a man who helped film their summit in 1990 is to be sold at auction .
Scotland prop Alasdair Dickinson says Edinburgh must win all of their remaining five Pro12 matches to have any chance of reaching the play-offs .
Thousands of people have taken part in the Snowdon Race , one of the UK 's biggest mountain races .
A man is being sought by police after a 13-year-old girl was sexually assaulted in Bristol .
A 15-year-old boy has been charged in connection with hare coursing in Dalkeith .
A man has died following a three-vehicle crash in Bangor , County Down .
Mae Prif Weinidog Theresa May , Carwyn Jones yn ymgyrchu i Brydain adael yr Undeb Ewropeaidd .
Manchester Flyers secured their place in the British Basketball League play-offs by beating Glasgow Force on Sunday .
The Army 's oldest mascot has been promoted .
England footballer Adam Johnson told his partner he had been unfaithful to her , a court has heard .
If you 've ever been to an event , you 'll know it 's all about the people .
A busy city centre road has been re-introduced to traffic restrictions .
Frank Duddy ran a fish and chip shop in Londonderry .
Internet inventor Sir Tim Berners-Lee has said the internet needs to be more positive .
The number of migrants arriving on the Greek island of Lesbos has halved since the EU struck a deal with Turkey to stem the flow .
Barnsley head coach Paul Heckingbottom says he is  in limbo '' over the future of Yiadom .
A man who attempted to murder a father who asked him to keep the noise down in a close has been jailed for seven-and-a-half years .
England all-rounder Ben Stokes has been recalled to the Twenty20 squad .
Appeal judges have rejected an attempt by Northern Ireland 's top law officer to ask the Supreme Court to hear an appeal against a ruling that a Christian-run bakery discriminated against a gay customer .
Hundreds of residents of Venice have staged a protest against the number of tourists visiting the city .
A shot has been fired at a car outside a primary school in Liverpool .
Ever since she was a child , Gina Seifert has wanted to be a beauty queen .
Liverpool 's trip to Stamford Bridge on Saturday is the biggest game of their season so far .
A judge in the US state of Ohio has found a white police officer not guilty of killing two black people after a high-speed chase .
England will face Northern Ireland in the quarter-finals of the Snooker World Cup in China .
German Chancellor Angela Merkel is due to meet US President Barack Obama at the White House on Thursday .
YouTube has changed the way it counts views after South Korean rapper Psy 's Gangnam Style became the most-watched video on the site .
Jamie Murray and Bruno Soares beat Marcelo Melo and Ivan Dodig 6-3 6-2 to reach the final of the Monte Carlo Masters .
The body of a man who died in the collapse of a building in Swansea has been formally identified .
US TV network Univision says it has ended its business relationship with Donald Trump .
Britain 's Chris Froome extended his overall lead in the Tour de France with victory on stage 13 .
George Osborne was on his feet for over an hour as he delivered his Budget speech .
Ivory Coast 's government has banned the use of skin- lightening creams , in a bid to protect the health of its citizens .
It was one of the great sporting upsets .
Jose Mourinho has been appointed Chelsea manager for a second time .
England were knocked out of the World Cup in the quarter-finals as they were comprehensively outclassed by France .
Glamorgan had the better of the first day at the SSE Swalec Stadium after bowling out Gloucestershire for 220 .
More than # 1m has been spent on cards issued by the Welsh government in the last year , it has emerged .
A festival is being held to celebrate the life of a Scottish philosopher .
Former Ireland and British and Irish Lions lock Paul O'Connell has joined Munster as a consultant .
A 15-year-old girl has been sexually assaulted after being kidnapped in Hertfordshire .
The Hungarian government says it is to offer buses to migrants who are stuck in the capital , Budapest , and to those still at a railway station .
US author Jackie Collins has died of breast cancer at the age of 77 , her family has said in a statement .
Tottenham midfielder Nabil Bentaleb has joined Schalke for an undisclosed fee .
Dozens of patients have been left with  significant '' eye problems after surgery in a mobile theatre at a hospital in Bristol .
A man has been arrested after a car was stolen with two children inside .
Crawley Town have signed former Bournemouth and Portsmouth defender Nathan Hollands on a deal until the end of the season .
Russia has recalled its ambassador to the UN in response to the deadly bombings in Syria on Sunday .
Kevin Pietersen 's England career has been a turbulent one .
South Korean President Park Geun-hye has apologised over a corruption scandal that has engulfed her government .
A woman 's body has been found at a house in Oxford .
The Women 's Super League One season is in full swing .
A Canadian woman has been arrested in Turkey on charges of insulting the president .
David Cameron is to press his case for a  more flexible '' EU during a week of diplomacy in Europe .
The former director of public prosecutions has called for a change in the law to make it easier to prosecute drivers who kill cyclists .
US President Donald Trump has accused former FBI director James Comey of lying to Congress .
The number of people falling victim to online holiday scams in the UK has reached record levels , according to Action Fraud .
Plans to redevelop Stoke-on-Trent 's former football ground have been approved by the city council .
Asian shares fell on Monday , following disappointing manufacturing data from China .
Ministers are considering making non-payment of the BBC licence fee a civil matter rather than a criminal offence .
-LRB- Close -RRB- : Asian stock markets have risen after a strong performance on Wall Street .
A fatal accident inquiry -LRB- FAI -RRB- into the Glasgow bin lorry crash is to be published .
A new breed of celebrity book clubs is taking over the literary world .
Leicester City have agreed a deal to sign midfielder N'Golo Kante from Paris St-Germain .
Hibernian have appointed Alan Stubbs as their new head coach .
-LRB- Close -RRB- : US stocks were little changed on Tuesday as investors digested the latest batch of emails from Donald Trump 's campaign team .
An environmental permit has been revoked following a fire at a fuel recycling plant in Manchester .
A former youth worker who was jailed for sexually abusing a boy was refused permission to become a foster carer , it has emerged .
A council 's Twitter account has been hacked .
The death of a baby girl at a hospital in the southern Pakistani city of Karachi is a tragedy which has shocked the country .
Gary Neville 's Valencia side held La Liga champions Barcelona to a 1-1 draw in the second leg of their Copa del Rey semi-final .
West Ham captain Mark Noble has signed a new five-year contract with the Premier League club .
A chronology of key events : , .
US officials have confirmed that the body of Osama Bin Laden was buried at sea .
An elderly cyclist whose bike was stolen while she was out shopping has been given a new one .
Boris Johnson is one of Britain 's most colourful and controversial politicians .
The world of Formula 1 is littered with imposters .
Southeastern has said it will compensate passengers who have been affected by the closure of the Dover to Folkestone rail line .
Welsh Secretary Alun Cairns has said he is  disappointed '' by the High Court ruling on Brexit .
Thousands of people have turned out to celebrate Diwali in Leicester .
The crew of the St Abbs lifeboat have agreed to return to work after threatening to go on strike .
Cardinal Sean Brady , the head of the Catholic Church in Ireland , should resign , according to a former priest .
Councillors in Dumfries are to be asked to approve a revised flood protection scheme for the city centre .
Two people have been taken to hospital following a crash on the A55 in Conwy county .
Unqualified teachers are being used in schools in England , a teachers ' union conference has heard .
The trial of disgraced politician Bo Xilai in the eastern Chinese city of Jinan is dominating the state media today .
Serena Williams won her 23rd Grand Slam title with victory over sister Venus in the Australian Open final .
A US student who posted videos of a drone carrying a gun and a flamethrower is suing his university for expelling him .
The UK 's electricity prices could rise by up to 8% if it continues to rely on fossil fuels , a report has suggested .
Plans to centralise Welsh-medium education in Powys have been opposed by a majority of councillors .
Two new flights have been launched between Inverness Airport and Amsterdam .
Too many schools in parts of England are failing pupils , Ofsted says .
The case of a four-year-old Muslim girl being placed in the care of a non-Muslim foster family has raised questions about the role of foster carers .
US Justice Clarence Thomas has asked a question in court for the first time in more than a decade .
Championship strugglers Hull City need to strengthen their squad in the January transfer window , says assistant manager Billy Davies .
A businessman who allowed a man with learning difficulties to take risks in a golf lake has been jailed .
A young boy has been found dead at a house in Oxfordshire .
Defending champion Andy Murray has pulled out of an exhibition match because of a hip injury .
Yum Brands , the owner of KFC , Pizza Hut and Taco Bell , has reported a rise in profits thanks to strong sales in China .
Here is a guide to what to do if you are caught in a lightning strike .
Hundreds of people have marched through Falmouth to protest against plans for student accommodation .
He 's one of the most successful British managers ever .
Is the Organisation of the Petroleum Exporting Countries -LRB- Opec -RRB- finally ready to act ?
New Hearts signing Taiwo Oshaniwa says his move from Israel to Scotland is a  big step '' in his career .
-LRB- Close -RRB- : London 's leading shares closed higher on Wednesday , boosted by a global rally .
The BBC 's War and Peace has beaten Channel 4 's wartime drama Deutschland 83 in the overnight ratings .
An iguana is refusing to budge from its tree-top perch in a Suffolk village .
A man and a woman who were stabbed to death in Bradford have been named by police .
Drivers are being warned that a rise in Insurance Premium Tax -LRB- IPT -RRB- will  pile on the misery '' .
A Swansea scientist has been honoured for his contribution to the development of radar technology .
British number one Johanna Konta says she is  just happy to be here '' as she bids to win Wimbledon for the first time .
The smoking ban has  destroyed more communities '' than the closure of pits , a former UKIP parliamentary candidate has claimed .
A freight train has derailed and exploded in a village in north-eastern Bulgaria .
Ukrainian government forces and pro-Russian separatists have begun observing a ceasefire in the east of the country .
A mother who left a letter in a supermarket saying she needed  some love '' said she was inspired to do it by an online community .
Tony Blair has said he is  not going to queer Ed Miliband 's pitch '' over a dispute between the Labour Party and the Unite union .
The series finale of Broadchurch will be an  emotional '' affair , the show 's creator has said .
US Senator John McCain has travelled to Syria to meet rebel commanders , his spokesman says .
Plans to restore Alexandra Palace 's Grade II-listed theatre to its former glory have been unveiled .
A man who admitted raping and sexually abusing two young girls told police his mother was  up in the sky '' urging him to confess , a court has heard .
Scotland captain John Barclay says he is  envious '' of his Scarlets team 's progress in the Pro12 .
Scotland manager Gordon Strachan says his side 's 1-0 friendly win over Poland gave them confidence ahead of their next match against Nigeria .
Red Bull are confident they can keep their drivers Daniel Ricciardo and Sebastian Vettel in the championship despite Mercedes ' reliability problems .
In our series of letters from African journalists , film-maker and columnist Farai Sevenzo considers whether lie detector tests should be introduced in Africa .
A circus elephant has escaped from its enclosure and attacked a man in southern Germany .
Friends of a British man allegedly murdered in India have called for a  proper investigation '' into the case .
Three teenagers have been charged in connection with a suspected charity fraud in Cardiff .
A non-league football team has returned to its home town for the first time in a decade .
The US and UK have called for the immediate resumption of air drops of humanitarian aid to besieged areas of Syria .
Hearts are seeking to raise 3m for the club 's new main stand .
Former Wales rugby captain Sir Gareth Edwards has been made a CBE .
A parish council has accused a council of  hell-bent '' plans to close a sports centre .
David Cameron is to tell MPs that Iain Duncan Smith 's criticism of his style of government is  wrong '' .
Islamic State -LRB- IS -RRB- militants in Egypt 's Sinai peninsula say they have shot down an Egyptian naval vessel .
NHS staff are being asked to prove they are human before they can access Google .
Boxing champion Mary Kom has welcomed Bollywood director Sanjay Leela Bhansali 's decision to make a film on her life .
A woman with learning disabilities is to be sterilised after a judge ruled she should not have any more children .
An MP has tracked down the owner of a  bashful bunny '' abandoned outside the Palace of Westminster .
League One side Gillingham have signed QPR striker Emmanuel-Thomas on a two-year deal .
Meat inspectors in the UK have criticised new rules which mean they will no longer be able to inspect pigs ' heads before they are slaughtered .
Carlisle United have signed QPR midfielder Brandon Comley on loan until the end of the season .
Alex Cuthbert faces a battle to regain his place from Liam Williams in Wales ' World Cup squad , says Gavin James .
The sister of a girl whose body was found in a canal 20 years ago has appealed for help to find her killer .
Saudi Arabia is the only country in the Middle East to have a so-called morality police '' .
Leyton Orient midfielder Scott Kashket has signed a new one-year contract with the club .
Two Manchester United fans have been questioned by police after being found with a knife at Old Trafford .
A man has been stabbed during a fight at a gig at Glasgow 's SSE Hydro arena .
Cardiff City manager Neil Warnock says he will hold talks with midfielder Peter Whittingham before the club 's FA Cup tie with Fulham .
Denmark 's right-wing bloc has won the most votes in the country 's general election .
Concerns about a child sex abuse case were raised with staff at the Kids Company charity , the BBC has learned .
Google is developing a blood test that could detect cancer before it has spread .
The working-age population of Northern Ireland is projected to rise by just 0.4% over the next five years .
Ford has reported a sharp rise in first-quarter profits , helped by strong sales in Europe and North America .
A woman has died following a two-vehicle crash in County Londonderry .
At least four people have been killed in clashes in the Lebanese capital , Beirut , security sources say .
Former Bolton striker Dean Holdsworth has agreed a deal to buy the club , BBC Radio Manchester understands .
Motorists have been warned to expect delays after two crashes in Powys .
Jeremy Corbyn 's  marrow moment '' has arrived .
Match report to follow..Continued below ..
We stood in that queue for three hours or more , people of all ages chatting about Ali and what he meant to them .
The US has imposed sanctions on Venezuela 's vice-president , accusing him of drug trafficking .
The world 's first fully operational tidal array has been installed in Shetland .
North Korea says it has successfully carried out a hydrogen bomb test .
Tottenham have signed Spain international striker Roberto Soldado from Valencia for a club record fee .
The third and final series of Miranda has aired on BBC One .
The Met Office has issued an amber weather warning for rain in parts of Northern Ireland .
Rochdale have re-signed Luke Joyce on a one-year deal .
Joe Leach and Ed Barnard hit half-centuries as Worcestershire fought back against Leicestershire at Grace Road .
The BBC Get Inspired website is here to help .
Queens Park Rangers captain Rio Ferdinand has been charged with misconduct by the Football Association following his side 's 1-0 home defeat by Tottenham .
Brad Bradbury , drummer with The Specials , has died at the age of 59 .
A man who claims he was sexually abused at a Catholic school in East Yorkshire has been awarded damages .
Anthony Joshua says Saturday 's fight with Wladimir Klitschko is the  defining fight '' of his career .
It 's a busy day for Northern Ireland 's newspapers .
A man who went missing from a mental health unit in Sussex has handed himself in to police .
The UN Security Council has strongly condemned North Korea 's launch of a long-range rocket .
St Mirren have signed striker David Clarkson on loan from Motherwell until the end of the season .
A man has appeared in court charged with abducting a five-year-old girl .
Two engineering firms have announced plans to create hundreds of jobs in Renfrewshire .
A black woman has said she was refused entry to a nightclub in Nottingham because of her skin colour .
A freckle on the hand of a paedophile led to the arrest of one of the UK 's most wanted men .
German media group Axel Springer has bought a majority stake in US news website Business Insider .
The number of centenarians in the UK is set to double by 2035 , according to official figures .
A Mongolian rapper has accused a Russian diplomat of beating him up after he wore a swastika on stage .
Journalists at Australia 's Fairfax Media have begun a week-long strike over job cuts .
It 's the greatest campaign I 've ever seen .
The finance minister has said she is  deeply concerned '' about the situation at Stormont .
The last time the government carried out a strategic defence review , the armed forces were fighting two wars .
A vicar has been arrested on suspicion of sexual activity with a child .
The world 's biggest pharmaceutical company has teamed up with a start-up to hack the nerves in the body to control disease .
David Goodwillie says he has no intention of retiring from international football .
Pope Francis has used his Christmas message to call for  simplicity '' in life .
A drug approved for use in patients with HIV has been shown to reactivate the virus in the body .
Blackburn Rovers defender Hope Akpan has been charged with violent conduct by the Football Association .
Celtic manager Ronny Deila says qualifying for the Europa League group stages would be the biggest achievement of his career .
Sony Pictures has been hit by a massive hack attack .
It is one of the world 's oldest and most prestigious university boat races .
A 15-year-old girl was raped and murdered by a man who had groomed her online , a court has heard .
Kieron Cadogan scored twice as Sutton thumped North Ferriby 5-1 at Gander Green Lane .
Kidderminster Harriers have appointed John Eustace as their new manager after relegation from the National League .
David Cameron tried to persuade Angela Merkel to give the UK concessions on immigration , BBC Newsnight has learned .
Alan Curtis has been appointed as Swansea City 's new loan player manager .
Record numbers of people are expected to take part in Christmas Day swimming events across the UK .
A hospital has declared a  black alert '' for the second time this year .
Scottish UKIP MEP Dave Coburn has said he would  do my best '' to be the party 's next leader .
A number of former HBOS executives are to be investigated by regulators over the collapse of the bank in 2008 .
Enniskillen rower Alan Campbell has won a silver medal in the men 's single sculls at the European Rowing Championships in Racice .
Google is to stop showing long unskippable adverts on video content on its YouTube service .
EastEnders has been named best soap at the National Television Awards .
Three tiny monkeys that were stolen from a zoo in Australia have been found safe and well .
Benik Afobe is set to play for the Democratic Republic of Congo in Saturday 's 2017 Africa Cup of Nations qualifier against Angola .
A potential takeover of Bradford Bulls has been rejected .
Derek McInnes deserves more recognition for his achievements at Aberdeen , according to former Pittodrie striker Stephen Thompson .
Newcastle midfielder Jonas Gutierrez says he feels  born again '' after recovering from testicular cancer .
A judge has ordered the media not to report the name of the man accused of shooting dead 12 people at a Colorado cinema .
A flood-hit road in Somerset has reopened after being closed for more than a week .
Plans for Swansea 's new civic centre have been given the go-ahead by the city council .
Dawid Malan hit an unbeaten 150 as Middlesex beat Glamorgan in the One-Day Cup at Lord 's .
Canadian police have arrested 10 people suspected of trying to travel to Syria to fight with so-called Islamic State .
A man has been arrested following the death of a man in Ballymena , County Antrim .
The organisers of today 's World Yoga Day in the Indian capital , Delhi , say it was a huge success .
Saturday 's League One game between Oldham Athletic and Southend United has been postponed because of a waterlogged pitch .
It 's been a good day for the pound and the stock market .
A group of soldiers who staged a sit-in protest in front of their commanding officers have been sentenced at a court martial .
A murder investigation has been launched after a man 's body was found in a car boot in Derbyshire .
An attempt to oust the Isle of Wight 's MP has failed .
Oil and gas firm BG Group has reported a sharp fall in profits for the first quarter .
Adam Silberman 's book on autism has won the Samuel Johnson Prize for Non-Fiction .
A woman has told the inquest into the death of Arlene Arkinson that she was sexually assaulted by Robert Howard .
A group of children who were escorted to school by armed police during a loyalist protest in north Belfast have received compensation .
As a child , Othman was forced to leave his home because of the threat of the collapse of the Mosul Dam .
A fire which broke out at a wood chip recycling plant in Bridgend county has been brought under control .
Conor Henderson has signed a one-year contract with League Two side Crawley Town .
Businesses in the UK will have to pay a  levy '' to fund apprenticeships , the chancellor has announced .
Chinese President Xi Jinping has arrived in Hong Kong to mark the city 's 20th anniversary of its return to China .
The Woodland Trust are calling for more trees to be protected in the UK .
Two men have been charged with planning a terrorist attack in Sydney , Australian police say .
Brighton 's automatic promotion hopes suffered a blow as they were beaten at Huddersfield .
A woman who stabbed her partner to death in a row over missing money has been jailed for life for her murder .
Tottenham 's Moussa Sissoko has been banned for four matches for elbowing Bournemouth 's Harry Arter .
Novak Djokovic and his doubles partner Viktor Troicki have been knocked out of the Olympic men 's doubles in the first round .
Alex Baptiste 's second-half header gave Preston victory over Norwich at Carrow Road .
Scientists believe that some of the largest dinosaurs ever to walk the Earth travelled between Antarctica and South America .
The global food system is at risk from climate change , a UN agency has warned .
Welsh Secretary Stephen Crabb has said Wales should be  central '' to the debate on the future of the UK .
A four-year-old boy in New Zealand has won NZ$1m -LRB- # 750,000 -RRB- in the country 's Bonus Bonds scheme .
Lydney Harbour , in the Forest of Dean , is to be sold .
An international team of scientists has estimated that the Earth 's top 2km -LRB- 5 miles -RRB- of ground holds enough water to quench the thirst of a billion people .
An oil rig has run aground on a beach on the Isle of Lewis .
Violence has broken out in several parts of London for a second night .
There are many young people in Northern Ireland who are unhappy with what they see as the lack of progress at Stormont .
National League side Alfreton Town have signed York City midfielder David Mooney on a one-month loan deal .
Four Northern Ireland rowers have qualified for Sunday 's finals at the European Rowing Championships in Racice .
The cost of free childcare for working parents in Wales could rise significantly if more people take up the offer , it has been claimed .
The family of a teenager who died in a crash in Gwynedd have said they are  heartbroken '' .
If you want to know why the government is spending so much money on the EU referendum , take a look at the leaflets it is sending out .
Ireland fly-half Johnny Sexton will start for the British and Irish Lions against the Maori All Blacks on Saturday .
Tenants are being forced into rented homes in Southampton because of a shortage of affordable homes , a charity has said .
Manchester United manager Jose Mourinho wants to make major changes to his squad in the January transfer window .
A Republican lawmaker in the US state of Texas has introduced a resolution asking people not to use the Chilean flag as a substitute for the official state flag .
Britain 's Andy Murray beat Argentina 's Juan Martin del Potro to win his second Olympic men 's singles gold medal .
Anti-litter wardens in Kent have been suspended after a BBC Panorama investigation found some were handing out thousands of pounds in bonuses .
Wales scrum-half Mike Phillips has been suspended following an incident in Cardiff city centre .
Four tourists who were jailed for stripping off on Malaysia 's highest mountain have been released on bail .
A woman has told a court her daughter  became horrible '' after being sexually abused by a group of men .
A Welshman who survived the Auschwitz death camp during World War II says he has fond memories of playing football .
A gay rights activist and his friend have been hacked to death in Bangladesh .
Scientists have discovered a genetic link between chronic pain and depression .
Worcestershire batsman Tom Shantry has signed a new two-year contract with the county .
The invention of the car was once the stuff of science fiction .
Buy-to-let landlords will have to pay an extra # 5,520 a year in stamp duty , the chancellor has announced .
Victims of clerical child abuse and former residents of Magdalene laundry-style institutions in Northern Ireland are excluded from the remit of the Historical Institutional Abuse Inquiry .
Arsenal Ladies captain Alex Scott has signed a new contract with the Women 's Super League One club .
Lionel Messi is the world 's most valuable player , with a value of 149m , according to a new study .
More than 100 Syrian opposition leaders and activists have held a rare meeting in the capital , Damascus .
The Peruvian army says it has captured two members of the left-wing Shining Path rebel group .
A 16-year-old boy has been charged with the rape of a 14-year old girl in a park .
In the early hours of Wednesday morning , a 20-year-old French woman streamed her own death live on the app Periscope .
A health watchdog has been accused of  traducing the reputation of a popular hospital '' in a report on its performance .
Chinese President Xi Jinping has told US business leaders that his country will never close its doors to the outside world .
Ireland batsman Heather Shillington has retired from one-day internationals after her side 's defeat by South Africa .
Nethaneel Mitchell-Blake has broken the British 200m record for the first time .
Adam Johnson has been sacked by Sunderland after he was found guilty of one count of sexual activity with a 15-year-old girl .
A woman who was convicted of embezzling more than # 110,000 from a stately home in southern Scotland is to appeal against her sentence .
An independent review is to be carried out following the death of a baby at a nursery in Greater Manchester .
Burnley defender Michael Keane has been called up to the England squad as a replacement for the injured Adam Johnson .
A court in Azerbaijan has jailed human rights activist Leyla Yunus for 10 years for tax evasion .
Manchester City and Chelsea have been charged with failing to control their players by the Football Association .
Former US football star and actor OJ Simpson is seeking a new trial after being convicted of armed robbery in a Las Vegas hotel room .
Suspected Boko Haram militants have killed at least 22 people in attacks on two villages in north-eastern Nigeria , residents say .
Ed Miliband has insisted he is  serious '' about keeping his election pledges , after unveiling a  pledge stone '' .
The sight of rainbow-shaped clouds in the sky has been captured on camera in Scotland .
Edvald Boasson Hagen won his second stage of this year 's Tour de France in a sprint finish at Pramartino .
Tottenham striker Harry Kane should be included in Roy Hodgson 's England squad , says Danny Murphy .
The mother of Olympic cyclist Chris Boardman has died in a crash , police have said .
Manchester United manager Jose Mourinho says some of his players are feeling the pressure after a poor start to the season .
When you think of a pharmacist , the first thing that springs to mind is the dispensing of medicine .
Norwich City manager Alex Neil says his side deserved to win their 1-0 victory over Reading .
Liverpool eased into the fourth round of the EFL Cup with a comfortable win at Championship side Burton Albion .
A network of CCTV cameras in three Denbighshire towns is to be switched to a similar system in Cheshire .
Cardiff City has reported a pre-tax loss of # 5m following their relegation from the Premier League .
A giant panda is due to give birth to a cub at a Hong Kong zoo .
A murder investigation has been launched following the death of a man and the attempted murder of a woman in Vale of Glamorgan .
Cambridge United and Stevenage played out a goalless draw in League Two .
A US court has ruled in favour of a university in a patent dispute with Apple .
Barcelona defender Gerard Pique says his side must improve after their Copa del Rey semi-final defeat by Real Madrid .
A man has been arrested after a stolen pick-up truck was pursued by police .
Hundreds of mourners have attended the funeral of Leeds Rhinos president Harry Jepson .
Guy Martin has been ruled out of this year 's Ulster Grand Prix at Dundrod .
Thirteen military sites are to be sold by the Ministry of Defence and used for housing , it has been announced .
Former England midfielder Carlton Cole has joined Aston Villa on a one-year deal .
Swindon Town striker Nathan Byrne has left the club before Saturday 's defeat at Northampton Town .
Taoiseach -LRB- Prime Minister -RRB- Enda Kenny is stepping down as leader of the Republic of Ireland 's governing Fine Gael party .
US President-elect Donald Trump has chosen South Carolina Governor Nikki Haley as US ambassador to the United Nations .
The first funerals have been held for victims of a landslide that swept through the Bolivian town of Salgar on Monday .
Defending champion Angelique Kerber beat American qualifier Irina Falconi in straight sets to reach the second round of Wimbledon .
Former Taoiseach -LRB- Irish prime minister -RRB- Bertie Ahern has said a hard border with customs checks would have to be re-introduced .
A mural by the street artist Banksy that sparked a global outcry when it disappeared is to be sold at auction .
The US embassy in Dublin feared The Quiet Man would be seen as a  rollicking farce '' in Ireland , newly-released documents show .
The Somali militant group al-Shabab has denied that a US air strike killed more than 150 of its fighters .
Poland and Ukraine have learned lessons from hosting Euro 2012 , says Polish football federation president Krzysztof Pohorecki .
Comedian and actor Kevin Hart is to release his first album as a rapper .
A 4,000-year-old wooden shelter has been uncovered in Wiltshire .
The number of people with diabetes in Wales is rising at an  alarming rate '' , a charity has warned .
An appeal to find a photographer who took a picture of a dying woman has been shared on social media .
The financial services company Axiom has announced plans to expand its operations in Belfast .
Sam Baldock 's first-half header was enough to give Brighton victory over Wolves .
London Welsh have been disqualified from the British & Irish Cup for fielding an ineligible player .
Zinedine Zidane has been cleared to coach in Spain .
Pupils who took part in a landmark study of Aberdeen children 50 years ago are being recruited for a new project .
Five men , including radical preacher Anjem Choudary , have been arrested on suspicion of terrorism offences .
A Labour AM and a Conservative AM are seeking to ban letting agency fees in Wales .
Paralympic torch bearer L/Bdr Ben Parkinson , who has been paralysed from the neck down , has been told he cannot have more than five friends on Facebook .
Scottish Labour 's Ian Murray has retained his seat in the general election .
An abandoned chameleon has been put down after being found in a Cardiff park .
Bombardier in Belfast has taken delivery of its first CS300 passenger jet .
A leading technology boss has said he is  surprised '' Wales is lagging behind other parts of the UK when it comes to broadband penetration .
The government 's new pension mascot is a sheep .
Police officers are being paid millions of pounds for working extra hours , the BBC has learned .
Suicide bombers have attacked the headquarters of the National Directorate of Security -LRB- NDS -RRB- in the centre of the Afghan capital , Kabul .
Castleford Tigers prop Luke Garbutt has apologised for his actions in Sunday 's Super League defeat by Hull FC .
Jessica Ennis-Hill 's coach Toni Minichiello has seen it all .
If you 're a fan of EastEnders , you 'll know the Taylors are coming .
Police acted in a  proportionate and reasonable way '' in the case of a man who died after being restrained by members of the public , the police watchdog has said .
Cardiff City striker Kenwyne Jones is a doubt for Sunday 's Championship trip to Preston North End .
The first Crossrail tunnel has been boring into the ground in London .
The new operator of the South Western rail service has been accused of reneging on a promise to keep a second member of staff on trains .
British driver Max Chilton paid tribute to former team-mate Jules Bianchi after winning the Indy Lights race in Iowa .
The founder of a Peebles-based online tyre retailer has sold his company to the world 's biggest tyre maker , Michelin .
Wigan Warriors captain Matty Smith says his side can use their stunning comeback to beat Warrington Wolves and secure a home Super League semi-final .
Standing in front of the Supreme Court in New York City , the American flag flies at half-mast .
A 100-year-old woman has completed her final London Marathon .
A new cricket helmet has been developed following the death of Australia international Phillip Hughes in 2014 .
Zheng He , the legendary Chinese explorer , is back in the headlines .
A doctor accused of the manslaughter of a 12-year-old boy should have been  curious '' about his illness , a court has heard .
The disappearance of heat from the surface of the Earth has been explained by a new study .
Climate change is posing a growing risk to the global trade in food , a report says .
Greece has decided not to take Britain to court over its refusal to return the Parthenon Marbles .
Cardiff City chairman Mehmet Dalman has backed manager Russell Slade despite the club 's poor form .
A councillor has lost an appeal against his suspension for sending  unfairly '' information to a grievance panel .
The president of Cyprus is holding talks with the country 's parliament to try to secure support for a controversial bailout deal .
When Tony Smith joined Wasps from Leeds Rhinos in the summer of 2013 , he was the latest in a long line of rugby league stars to switch codes .
A US judge has ordered the government to release the names of visitors to President Donald Trump 's golf resort in Bedminster , New Jersey .
Midfielder Bastian Schweinsteiger has been left out of Manchester United 's Europa League squad .
Canada Post , the country 's state-owned postal service , says it will stop delivering letters directly to the home in order to save money .
centrist French presidential candidate Emmanuel Macron has won the backing of a centrist rival , in a boost for his campaign .
Australian Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull has defended his government 's asylum seeker policy amid calls for it to be scrapped .
It is more important than ever to spread the message of togetherness and unity in Welsh communities , the first minister has said in his Christmas message .
The next parliamentary stage of the Scotland Bill has been delayed to allow more time for negotiations on the fiscal framework .
Plans for a new waste-to-energy power station have been approved .
Activity in China 's manufacturing sector contracted at its fastest pace in more than two years in July , a survey has indicated .
A court in the western Indian state of Gujarat has sentenced a former minister to death for her role in the 2002 anti-Muslim riots .
A memorial service has been held in Jersey to mark the 75th anniversary of a daring air raid .
Edinburgh Zoo has said its female giant panda , Tian Tian , may give birth at the end of the month .
Two Italian senators have been suspended for a day for making offensive gestures towards female colleagues in the Senate .
All pictures are copyrighted..Continued below ..
For 20 years , Microsoft has been spending a lot of money on research and development .
People have been warned not to eat shellfish found to be contaminated with toxins and E.coli .
The Chinese government has issued its second wave of red alerts for air pollution in 10 cities across the country .
Beyonce has been named the world 's highest-paid artist for the second year running .
The UK government has won a High Court challenge over arms sales to Saudi Arabia .
UK interest rates have been held at 0.25% again by the Bank of England .
Have you ever wondered what it is like to be a member of a musical family ?
Rory MacNiallais scored two goals as Donegal beat Fermanagh in the Ulster SFC quarter-final at Ballybofey .
The Israeli cabinet has voted to decriminalise the possession of small amounts of marijuana .
Talktalk has reported a sharp fall in annual profits , partly due to the cost of last year 's cyber attack .
French rider Franck Petricola has died in a crash during a practice race at the Isle of Man TT .
Two nurses have been jailed for wilfully neglecting patients .
A family of 12 from Luton are believed to have travelled to Syria , police have said .
Great Britain will host the European Judo Championships for blind and visually-impaired athletes in July .
Two buildings are to be built in China , which will be made out of plants to help filter out the pollution in the air .
The son of a vicar has been jailed for 12 years for child sex offences .
Juan Mata 's dazzling display inspired Chelsea to victory over Sunderland at the Stadium of Light .
Former police chief David Duckenfield is one of six people charged with manslaughter over the 1989 Hillsborough disaster .
Andrew Shinnie 's injury-time winner gave Aberdeen the advantage in their Europa League third qualifying round tie against Apollon Limassol .
Dozens of shops have been looted in the Venezuelan city of Cumana during protests over food and medicine shortages .
A Welsh aristocrat has been found guilty of posting a Facebook message offering 5,000 for the first person to accidentally run over businesswoman Gina Miller .
US missionary Kenneth Bae has been forced back to a labour camp in North Korea , US officials say .
Centuries from Chris Wakely and Andy Keogh put Northamptonshire in a strong position against Leicestershire at Wantage Road .
Outside the Russian embassy in the Turkish capital , Ankara , a small group of people were trying to come to terms with the murder of their country 's top diplomat .
Six people have been arrested in a drugs raid in Gloucester .
The general election campaign in Northern Ireland has ended .
Ospreys captain Matthew Rees says his side 's 36-24 defeat by Exeter Chiefs in the European Champions Cup was  disappointing '' .
The Russian state was involved in the murder of ex-Russian spy Alexander Litvinenko , the public inquiry into his death has heard .
The International Olympic Committee -LRB- IOC -RRB- is investigating Ethiopian runner Feyisa Lilesa 's protest at the Rio Olympics .
American Phil Mickelson shot the lowest round in Open Championship history with a nine-under-par 63 at Royal Troon .
A spate of suspected drug-related deaths and medical emergencies in south Wales could be linked to a batch of heroin , police have said .
Twenty-five men have been rescued from suspected slavery in the West Midlands , police have said .
One in eight workers are too ill to work before they reach the state pension age , according to the TUC .
A man has been injured after a tipper truck crashed into his house .
An Easyjet plane was forced to make an emergency landing after the pilot reported smoke in the cabin .
A former Celtic kit man is to stand trial accused of child sex offences .
At least four people have been killed in Indian-administered Kashmir on the anniversary of the death of a popular militant commander .
A man has been arrested on suspicion of murdering a woman from Milton Keynes .
A # 1m grant from the Heritage Lottery Fund has been announced as part of plans to turn a quarry into a dinosaur museum .
Jeremy Corbyn has pledged to give councils the power to set up their own bus companies if he wins the Labour leadership .
A mother from west London has been ordered by a court to teach her son at home .
Demolition of a former hospital in Denbighshire has been delayed because seagull chicks are nesting on the roof .
Doctors in Malaysia have removed a foetus from the abdomen of a 15-year-old boy , state media report .
A man arrested after a number of people were hospitalised after taking MDMA , also known as ecstasy , has been released on bail .
Paddy McCourt has left Luton Town to return to Northern Ireland .
Charlie Gard is at the centre of a legal battle between his parents and his doctors .
Steven Craig has signed a new two-year contract with St Johnstone .
An MP is to face no further action after police found no evidence to support allegations of electoral fraud .
A lorry driver who caused a crash which killed a two-year-old girl and her unborn baby has been jailed for eight years .
Guinea were knocked out of the Under-20 World Cup in South Korea after losing 5-0 to Argentina .
Typhoon Chan-hom has made landfall in eastern China , bringing heavy rain and strong winds .
It 's one of the biggest nights in the music industry .
There is a  desperate need '' for more affordable housing for men leaving prison , a charity has said .
Paul Downton has been appointed as the England and Wales Cricket Board 's new managing director .
One Direction have told fans they 'll continue as a four-piece .
The body of Kim Jong-nam , the half-brother of North Korea 's leader , has arrived back in Pyongyang , China 's foreign ministry says .
A man has been left badly shaken after an aggravated burglary at his home in west Belfast .
It 's 100 years since the start of one of the biggest battles in World War One .
There is little difference between academy trusts and local authorities when it comes to improving pupil performance , analysis suggests .
The publication of financial results for the NHS in England will be delayed until after the general election , the BBC understands .
A Frenchwoman who was kidnapped in Yemen in February has been freed and returned to France .
Two Welsh cities have launched their bids to become UK City of Culture .
British air strikes against so-called Islamic State -LRB- IS -RRB- in Iraq have killed 1,306 militants , the government has said .
Sri Lanka bowler Rangana Herath has retired from Twenty20 internationals .
A mother and her seven-year-old son have been found dead at a house .
A controlled explosion has been carried out on an unexploded mine found on the River Clyde in Gourock .
A building has collapsed in the western Indian city of Mumbai -LRB- Mumbai -RRB- killing at least 19 people , police say .
A 25-year-old man has died after his car hit a lorry in Sittingbourne .
The sight of those smears on your mobile phone , tablet or computer is enough to leave you scratching your head .
An outbreak of measles has been declared at a nursery in Neath Port Talbot .
Levels of violence at HMP Bristol are  considerably higher '' than in similar prisons , inspectors have said .
Aberdeen 's Kolo Toure has signed a new two-year contract with the Scottish Premiership club .
The president of the breakaway region of Abkhazia has fled the capital , Sukhumi , following days of protests .
Plans to introduce a 20mph speed limit in Edinburgh city centre have been approved .
The Saudi Arabian government has announced plans to develop a Red Sea tourist zone .
Newport County chairman Peter Foxall says the club 's players had  smiles on their faces '' when the board decided to sack Graham Westley .
Victims ' rights are being ignored , the victims ' commissioner for England and Wales has said .
The chairman of Guernsey 's Department of Housing and Social Care has resigned .
Islamic State -LRB- IS -RRB- militants have lost the northern Syrian town of al-Rai to rebels , activists say .
A council has been ordered to pay # 100,000 to a man who was sexually abused by a former employee .
How long will it take for the investigation into the Manchester attack to be completed ?
Jenson Button is a leading candidate to replace Valtteri Bottas at Williams in 2016 , the BBC understands .
As an al-Qaeda trained terrorist is sentenced to life in prison in the United States for plotting to bomb a shopping centre in Manchester , the BBC 's Matt McGrath looks at the case against him .
A woman who embezzled more than # 600,000 from her employer has been ordered to pay back the money .
Falkirk manager Peter Houston has dismissed speculation linking teenage defender Tony McMahon with a move away from the club .
Gatwick Airport has offered a series of guarantees if it is allowed to expand .
A Texas grand jury has cleared officials in the case of the death of Sandra Bland , who was found dead in her jail cell .
Funding cuts to local authorities in England have been  uneven '' , the Public Accounts Committee has said .
England 's hopes of reaching the last 16 of a major tournament suffered a blow as they were held to a draw by Slovakia in Trnava .
Archaeologists say they have found the remains of a man who died from the Black Death .
British banker Rurik Jutting has been found guilty of murdering two women in his flat in Hong Kong .
The US has said it will arm Libya 's UN-backed unity government in its fight against so-called Islamic State .
Britain 's Greg Grabarz won bronze in the high jump at the World Championships in Beijing .
The use of urinary catheters in hospitals is putting patients at risk of infection , a leading expert has warned .
Britain 's Ashley Yafai won the vacant WBC super-flyweight title with a unanimous points victory over Jose Pedraza in Manchester .
Bombay House is one of India 's most iconic buildings .
A man has been banned from driving after taking a roller-coaster across Dumfries .
The United Nations has called for a special court to investigate alleged war crimes during Sri Lanka 's civil war .
The crew of a oil tanker seized by pirates off the coast of Somalia have been released , officials say .
A pro-independence blogger has been arrested on suspicion of online harassment .
Rupert Murdoch 's News Corp has reported a loss for the first three months of the year , hit by charges at its Australian newspaper business .
Chloe Grace Moretz is no stranger to speaking out against body shaming .
A six-year-old girl who was injured when a bouncy castle was blown away is to have surgery .
For years , the plight of Myanmar 's Rohingya Muslim minority has been one of the country 's most intractable problems .
The following roads have been closed due to flooding .
India 's economy grew less than expected in the first quarter of the year , adding to pressure on the government .
Goalkeeper Luke Blackman saved a late penalty as Wycombe held Blackpool to a goalless draw at Adams Park .
Calls have been made for an investigation after a Torfaen communications company went into liquidation .
A man has been questioned by police investigating the murder of notorious criminal John "Goldfinger" Palmer .
The UK should renew its Trident nuclear weapons system , Theresa May has said .
Smoking may increase the risk of developing schizophrenia , say researchers .
Britain 's Adam Peaty won his second gold medal of the World Championships with victory in the 50m breaststroke .
Exeter Chiefs head coach Rob Baxter has praised the form of winger Olly Woodburn after he scored a try in his side 's European Champions Cup win over Racing 92 .
For decades Botswana has been the world 's biggest producer of diamonds .
A mother and her 13-year-old daughter have said they were  incensed '' by the views of a white supremacist who confronted them at a rally .
Rare bottles of whisky salvaged from a sunken ship could be found on an island .
On the outskirts of Gaza City , a new development is under construction .
The Ukrainian president has condemned the capture of the strategic town of Debaltseve by pro-Russian rebels .
A man has admitted persuading his wife to take his own life by giving her a fatal dose of heroin .
The NHS in England could lose an extra 500m a year if it does not change the way it treats foreigners , the government has said .
The FA and English Football League are to donate money from the Community Shield to the victims of the Grenfell Tower fire .
Talks aimed at resolving a dispute over ferry workers ' jobs and pensions are due to resume on Wednesday .
Severe storms in Poland have destroyed tens of thousands of hectares of forest , officials say .
The West End production of Matilda , the hit musical about a young girl who dreams of becoming a ballerina , has been cancelled for the second night in a row because of an actress 's illness .
The Bangladeshi government has sacked the head teacher of a school who was filmed being humiliated by a local MP over an alleged insult to Islam .
One lane of the M4 has reopened after a tanker overturned .
Thousands of runners have taken part in Hong Kong 's first ultramarathon , despite criticism of the course .
American businessman Frank McCourt says he is close to buying Marseille .
Lloyds Banking Group 's return to private ownership has been a long time coming .
Manchester City striker Sergio Aguero has joined Spanish side Celta Vigo on a season-long loan .
A 19-year-old man has been arrested on suspicion of murder and attempted murder after a stabbing in Croydon , south London .
UK scientists have launched a new service to map the Earth 's shifting tectonic plates .
The scale of the devastation caused by Cyclone Pam in Vanuatu has been revealed by aid workers .
Ukrainian officials and the media claim that there is no neo-Nazi or fascist movement in the country .
Police in the Republic of Ireland are continuing to investigate the movements of one of the London attackers .
Leicester manager Craig Shakespeare has no new injury or suspension worries .
The UK 's anti-slavery commissioner has said he is  extremely concerned '' about the number of Nigerian women and children being trafficked to the UK .
Five men have been sentenced to death in Chad for the gang rape of a 15-year-old girl .
Former police chief Lord Anglesea is to appeal against his conviction , his lawyer has said .
The US aerospace company Boeing has developed a portable laser gun .
The UK 's intelligence services need to do more to recruit women .
Nour was 10 years old when she was captured by Islamic State -LRB- IS -RRB- militants in the Iraqi city of Mosul .
Disgraced cyclist Lance Armstrong has pleaded not guilty to a lawsuit brought by the US government .
-LRB- Close -RRB- : Shares in Standard Chartered fell by more than 10% after the bank announced plans to raise cash and cut jobs .
The AA has said it will review its car insurance prices if the tax on premiums rises again .
A controversial bus lane in Manchester city centre will remain in place until April , a council has said .
A koala that was hit by a car in South Australia has survived hanging upside down in its car grill .
The musical adaptation of Sue Townsend 's novel Adrian Mole has opened on stage .
Police investigating the discovery of a dissident republican arms haul in County Antrim have said it was a  significant '' find .
When Mark Dodson , chairman of the Scottish Rugby Union , and Steve Browne , chief executive of the Irish Rugby Football Union -LRB- IRFU -RRB- sat down to discuss the future of the Pro12 at the end of last season , there was a palpable sense of urgency 
More than 50 pupils have been sent home from a school in Reading for breaking uniform rules .
Irish rock band U2 have played their biggest ever gig in Dublin .
Wales were knocked out of the World Cup as Australia held on for a narrow victory in Pool A .
A police officer who was sexually abused as a teenager has spoken of his ordeal after discovering his abuser had been jailed .
A lorry has been driven into a crowd of pedestrians in central Stockholm , killing four people and injuring 15 others .
The US military says it believes Houthi rebels in Yemen fired two missiles at a US warship in the Red Sea on Sunday .
Lionel Richie is to open a residency at the Planet Hollywood Resort and Casino in Las Vegas .
Queen of the South twice came from behind to earn a point against Falkirk .
Spain 's Joaquim Rodriguez says he will retire at the end of the season .
A motorcyclist has died and an eight-year-old boy is in a serious condition in hospital after a crash in east London .
Blackberry has announced its first Android-powered smartphone .
A Scottish Paralympian who won a bronze medal at the London Paralympics has revealed he has been given the all-clear from a brain tumour .
Former Russian oil tycoon Mikhail Khodorkovsky says he is considering seeking asylum in the UK because he fears for his life .
Greenock Morton manager Jim Duffy believes a Scottish Cup win over Rangers would be a  monumental upset '' .
A VJ Day service has been held at Portsmouth Cathedral .
Great Britain 's Jack Burnell was disqualified from the men 's 100m freestyle final at the Rio Olympics .
London Irish hooker Fraser Balmain has been given a two-week ban after pleading guilty to striking an opponent with his elbow .
Millwall and Walsall played out a goalless draw in League One .
The number of children contacting a charity for help after being bullied online has more than doubled in a year , figures show .
Charges against a US woman accused of child sex offences have been dropped .
Sports other than athletics have a problem with Russia , says UK Athletics chairman Ed Warner .
Pope Francis has described the mass killing of Armenians by Ottoman Turks as  the first genocide of the 20th Century '' .
A drug to prevent HIV infection is to be trialled on the NHS in Wales .
Cannabis with an estimated street value of # 1m has been seized in the Republic of Ireland .
The parents of a teenager who drowned during a swimming lesson have pleaded guilty to causing grievous bodily harm .
The outgoing head of the Church in Wales has said further devolution is needed in Wales .
A decanter used to feed newborn babies during the Highland Clearances has been donated to an Inverness museum .
Ceremonies have been held across the Republic of Ireland to mark the centenary of the Battle of the Somme .
Chris Packham has been cleared of breaking the BBC 's impartiality guidelines after a row over his hunting views .
The family of a girl with an ultra-rare disease have said they are  so happy '' she will now be able to get the treatment she needs on the Welsh NHS .
A rare baby wombat has been born at a wildlife refuge in Australia .
It 's one of the most watched adverts of the year , but how does it work ?
The Northern Ireland curlew has been listed as one of the UK 's most critically endangered birds .
The number of people visiting town centres in the Borders has risen by 4% in the last year , according to new figures .
Scarlets centre James Davies has apologised after being sent off in Sunday 's European Champions Cup defeat by Toulon .
Islamic State militants have released a video showing them destroying ancient Assyrian artefacts in Iraq .
Two men have been charged in connection with an attempted robbery in west Belfast .
Cyclist Sir Bradley Wiggins and rowers Helen Glover and Heather Stanning have won gold medals for Great Britain on day four of the Olympic Games .
The government 's failure to award the West Coast Main Line rail franchise was  littered with basic errors '' , MPs have said .
Nottinghamshire director of cricket Mick Newell says the county 's relegation from Division One of the County Championship is  embarrassing '' .
A man armed with a machete has been shot dead by security forces at the home of Kenya 's Deputy President William Ruto .
A lion that was moved from Turkey to a wildlife reserve in Saudi Arabia has given birth to a cub .
Israeli prosecutors have filed corruption charges against former Prime Minister Ehud Olmert .
A man accused of murdering a man outside a bar in Aberdeen was  limp '' when police arrived at the scene , a court has heard .
Carl Frampton will fight Leo Santa Cruz in a world title unification bout in New York on Saturday .
A judge in the US state of Ohio has ruled that witnesses at the trial of two high school football players accused of raping a girl can testify in public .
A project to protect the landscape of the Snowdonia mountains has been given the go-ahead .
A man who offered a lift to a family caught up in the Manchester attack has spoken of his actions .
Discovery Communications , the owner of channels such as TLC and Animal Planet , has agreed to buy Scripps in a deal worth about $14.6bn -LRB- # 10bn -RRB- .
Police have made five arrests at the Aberdeen v Celtic match at Pittodrie .
Actress Julie Hesmondhalgh , who played a rape victim in TV drama Broadchurch , has been named as the charity 's new patron .
Hundreds of people gathered in Glasgow city centre on Saturday to celebrate the Queen 's 90th birthday .
Derry City were beaten 2-1 by Finn Harps in their Premier Division opener at Finn Park .
Police have appealed for witnesses after a woman was sexually assaulted by a man in Aberdeen .
A man has been charged in connection with the death of another man in Dundee .
The Russian military has begun large-scale military exercises in the south of the country .
Ben Stokes returned to form with the bat and the ball as England beat India by nine runs in the third one-day international in Visakhapatnam .
A magistrate has resigned following a police investigation into a racist tweet sent by a councillor .
Cambridge Cathedral is marking the 450th anniversary of the death of a former Tudor princess .
Double Olympic gold medallist , Mo Farah , has given Newsround his top tips for young athletes .
Colchester United have signed Southampton midfielder Jordan McQueen on loan until the end of the season .
A man has died after falling into a hot spring in Yellowstone National Park , US officials say .
US President Barack Obama has visited Dallas , where five police officers were shot dead last week .
Scientists say they have solved one of Europe 's most puzzling genetic mysteries .
A law firm that advised Cerberus on the sale of Nama 's Northern Ireland loan portfolio claimed it could get access to the first minister , a parliamentary committee has heard .
Manchester City manager Pep Guardiola believes Barcelona are  a machine '' .
Ulster 's hopes of making the Pro12 play-offs suffered a blow as Ospreys secured a bonus-point win at Liberty Stadium .
The Malian army has been accused by a rights group of carrying out summary executions of suspected Islamist militants .
Arsenal midfielder Santi Cazorla will miss the rest of the season with a foot injury .
The deputy chief executive of Aberdeenshire Council is one of three senior staff leaving the authority .
The man accused of a deadly shooting at a Florida airport has been charged with airport violence and faces the death penalty .
World champion cyclist Martyn Irvine has announced his retirement from the sport .
Scientists studying the asteroid strike that wiped out the dinosaurs have found a pointer that could help them identify the asteroid itself .
Australian golfer Robert Allenby says he was mugged and dumped in a park in Honolulu , Hawaii .
Concerns have been raised about the number of websites offering students custom-written essays in return for money .
The Soloist building in Belfast city centre has been sold .
Social media users in Nigeria are protesting against a bill that would make it a crime to post abusive messages online .
The owners of West Ham , David Sullivan and David Gold , have denied reports that they are in talks to sell their stake in the club .
Disgraced former England all-rounder Dave Lewis is to play in the County Championship in a bid to help young cricketers .
Growth in the UK economy slowed in the second quarter of the year , official figures have shown .
David Beckham has dropped his Cockney accent , according to researchers at the University of Manchester .
Norway has rejected a proposal to give Finland the highest point on its territory .
Brazilian footballer Neymar has appeared before a Spanish judge in a fraud case over his transfer to Barcelona FC .
The head of the Education Authority has said teachers in Northern Ireland are  respected and valued '' .
Gateshead trio Scott Hogan , Manny Smith and Emmanuel Mafuta have all left the club .
Wales ' presiding officer has urged people to register to vote in May 's assembly and police and crime commissioner elections .
Pop star Justin Bieber has performed at Manchester 's Parklife festival .
Venezuela 's Vice-President , Jorge Isturiz , has ruled out a recall referendum against President Nicols Maduro .
Scientists have identified 93 genes that can cause breast cancer .
A chronology of key events : 1917 - Bahrain is partitioned between Britain and Iran .
A number of nesting seabirds have been disturbed by visitors to Jersey 's coral reefs , the States has said .
The US has said it is prepared to work with Russia , but only if Moscow fulfils its commitments .
In 1942 , the then Prime Minister Sir William Wallace outlined his vision for the welfare state .
China is set to overtake the United States as the world 's biggest university country by 2020 , according to new figures .
England batsman Joe Root says former coach Peter Moores deserves credit for his improved form .
A US college entrance exam has been cancelled in South Korea and Hong Kong after allegations of cheating .
Scotland 's former top doctor is to lead a review of health and social care targets .
Home Secretary Theresa May has announced plans to make it harder for illegal immigrants to stay in the UK .
South Korean carmaker Kia has been named the world 's best-performing car brand in a reliability survey .
US Secretary of State Rex Tillerson says his wife convinced him to take the job after he was asked to meet Donald Trump .
Britain 's Andy Murray beat Canada 's Milos Raonic to win his second Wimbledon title .
Scientists have sequenced the genome of the fungus that causes ash die-back .
It is a legal battle that could have implications for the future of the UK 's relationship with the EU .
Two British students who swam for eight hours after a boat sank off the coast of Indonesia have been rescued , their mother has said .
An airline has been accused of being  irresponsible '' after a teenage boy was removed from an overbooked flight at Gatwick Airport .
A health regulator has launched an investigation into a cancer hospital in Manchester .
It 's been a year since India 's Prime Minister Narendra Modi took to Twitter to celebrate his party 's victory in the 2014 general elections .
Ricardo Santos scored twice in three second-half minutes as Barnet beat Leyton Orient 3-1 in League Two .
Interim head coach Gary Brazil says he has no intention of leaving Nottingham Forest .
Santander and Deutsche Bank have failed the latest round of US bank 's stress tests .
Bournemouth have signed former Reading goalkeeper Adam Federici on a two-year deal .
Scotland 's spending watchdog has cleared the culture secretary of any wrongdoing over funding for the T in the Park festival .
Former Liberal Democrat MP David Laws has said he is unlikely to stand for re-election .
A 17,000-tonne oil rig that ran aground in the Western Isles is to be taken to Malta for repairs .
A German woman is suing pharmaceutical giant Bayer over a blood clot she says she suffered after taking its Yasminelle contraceptive pill .
An Ohio man wanted on an arrest warrant sent police a selfie to help them find him .
Central banks across the world are trying to stimulate the economy with negative interest rates .
The former Progressive Unionist Party -LRB- PUP -RRB- chairman William 'Plum '' Smith has died at the age of 74 .
If you want to become a billionaire , you need to have a net worth of at least $100m -LRB- # 70m -RRB- , according to a financial expert .
The family of a Londonderry man who died while working in China have paid tribute to him .
The Belfast Giants have announced plans for a testimonial match for club legend Colin Shields .
Chelsea midfielder Eden Hazard will miss the start of the new Premier League season after undergoing ankle surgery .
Thousands of people have signed up to be stem cell donors after a student from Cardiff appealed for help to save her life .
A man killed his wife before killing himself , an inquest has heard .
Inverness Caledonian Thistle manager John Hughes has left the club by mutual consent .
The men 's World Twenty20 gets under way in India on Monday , with Scotland and Ireland the two lowest-ranked teams in the tournament .
Britain 's Olympic taekwondo team was investigated over claims of poor practice , it has been claimed .
Former drug smuggler Howard Marks has died aged 61 , his family has said .
Championship side Nottingham Forest have signed Greece Under-23 international defender Giannis Bouchalakis on a four-year deal .
A South African minister has resigned after he was charged with assaulting a woman at a party in Cape Town .
Rescue workers in Colombia are searching for survivors of a landslide in the north-west of the country .
Supermarket giant Tesco has reported a fall in annual pre-tax profit , following a settlement with regulators over its accounting practices .
Construction of Europe 's most powerful space telescope has reached a key stage .
Nick Kyrgios said he was  bored '' during his win over Sam Querrey at the Shanghai Masters .
Former Olympic champion Mark Lewis-Francis has been left out of Great Britain 's bobsleigh squad for the World Championships in Sochi .
A man 's body has been recovered from the water in Swansea .
League One side Scunthorpe United have signed Bradford City midfielder George Taft on a one-year contract .
Cycling is one of the fastest growing sports in the UK .
A new programme to help primary school pupils cope with the transition to secondary school has been launched .
Two teenagers have been jailed for life for murdering a man in a revenge attack .
Alan Stubbs has left Hibernian to become Rotherham United manager .
Black candidates have won two seats on the Ferguson City Council in the US state of Missouri .
The number of road accidents on the M74 extension in the south of Glasgow has halved since its opening , according to a new study .
Six people have been arrested on suspicion of human trafficking after a lorry was found abandoned in Bedfordshire .
The case of a British man who has been held in India for more than two years has been adjourned .
Police have released CCTV images of a man they want to trace after a woman was racially abused on a train .
Nigeria has fallen into recession , according to official figures .
Australia 's first openly gay Catholic bishop has blamed the Vatican for the country 's child sex abuse scandal .
Arsenal produced a scintillating display to thrash Premier League champions Chelsea at Emirates Stadium .
A suspected firearm has been found in west Belfast .
One of the world 's highest glaciers is in danger of becoming a  hazardous lake '' , scientists say .
The makers of a children 's game based on Ant and Dec 's Saturday Night Takeaway have apologised after some of the answers were found to be wrong .
A jury has failed to reach a verdict in the trial of a couple accused of having sex on the set of a music video .
West Bromwich Albion manager Tony Pulis says Saido Berahino 's loan move to Aston Villa was  over '' after the striker scored in the 1-0 win over Sunderland .
A white police officer in Texas has been charged with murder over the fatal shooting of a black teenager .
Interim manager Alan Curtis says it will be difficult for Swansea City to avoid relegation from the Premier League .
Mansfield Town have signed Shrewsbury Town defender Ben Caton on loan until the end of the season .
A teenage boy has been punched and stamped on in an unprovoked attack on a train in Glasgow .
Three security guards have described how they saved the life of a driver who crashed into a dyke .
Peterborough United manager Graham Westley says his players have  lost their way '' following their FA Cup exit at the hands of Oldham Athletic .
A British soldier killed in Afghanistan has been named by the Ministry of Defence .
Thousands of mourners have attended the funeral of US student Otto Warmbier , who died after being detained in North Korea .
As the Islamic holy month of Ramadan draws to a close , TV pranks are becoming more common in the Middle East .
Britain 's Callum Hawkins was beaten into second by Kenya 's Conseslus Korir at the Great Edinburgh International Cross Country .
A Ukrainian mother has been arrested on suspicion of neglecting her three young children , one of whom died .
Josh Charnley says he is  excited '' by the challenge of playing rugby union for Sale Sharks .
Sir Bradley Wiggins and Mark Cavendish have been named in the field for the 2017 Tour of Britain .
Glamorgan batsman Colin Ingram has signed for Australian Big Bash side Adelaide Strikers .
Lewis Hamilton says he must improve his consistency if he is to win a fourth world title this year .
A replica of Lady Penelope , the lead character in TV show Thunderbirds , is to be sold at auction for charity .
Nato has been urged to investigate the deaths of civilians in Libya .
Rotherham United have signed Jordan Rothwell and Harry Maguire for undisclosed fees .
Powys council is to take over the work of the Office of Fair Trading -LRB- OFT -RRB- .
Plans to downgrade services at Eastbourne District General Hospital will have  massive implications '' for vulnerable children , a nurse has said .
Two glider pilots who took part in the D-Day landings have been honoured at a ceremony in Gloucester .
A man has died after his car was hit by a train at a level crossing .
Premier League clubs Arsenal , Chelsea and Leicester have all denied claims made in the Sunday Times .
The Scottish Football Association has apologised after a scam email was sent to supporters .
Mixu Paatelainen believes the battle to avoid relegation from the Scottish Premiership will go down to the wire .
A commission in South Africa is calling for the removal of Christmas from the national holiday calendar .
A ticket for The Beatles ' first gig in the UK is expected to fetch # 10,000 at auction .
Huddersfield Giants confirmed their place in the Super 8s with a comfortable win over Leigh Centurions .
Mattie Rowland scored a goal in each half as Armagh beat Louth 1-11 to 0-13 in Division Three .
Jake Sheppard scored a late winner as Dagenham came from behind to beat Bromley 2-1 at Victoria Road .
A runaway barge that forced the evacuation of oil platforms in the North Sea has drifted away from the platforms .
Japanese prosecutors have filed a criminal case against one of the country 's biggest advertising agencies over the death of a young employee .
A group of Welsh rugby players have taken part in a recycling drive in Carmarthenshire .
St Mary 's Magherafelt beat St Ronan 's Bessbrook 0-13 to 0-8 in Thursday 's All-Ireland Under-18 Hurling semi-final at Croke Park .
Former jockey Hayley Turner says she hopes the success of female jockeys will inspire others to follow in her footsteps .
Jon Stewart , the host of The Daily Show on Comedy Central , is stepping down after 16 years .
England 's collapse on the final day of the final Test against India in Chennai was one of the great sporting disasters of recent times .
Sixteen petrol bombs have been found in west Belfast .
UK internet service providers -LRB- ISPs -RRB- have been criticised for not doing enough to protect customers ' personal data .
If you wanted to know what was in the on-going shambles at Dundee United then get yourself to the Phoenix in Nethergate , that was the message .
A man who ran the illegal drug marketplace Silk Road 2.0 has been sentenced to 10 years in prison .
Championship club Hull City say they are still in talks with potential new owners .
UK Foreign Secretary Philip Hammond has rejected calls for the UK to start formal negotiations to leave the EU as soon as possible .
Three men have been jailed for smuggling 20 people into the UK in the back of a lorry .
Holders Hibernian or Hearts will host the winners of a Scottish Cup fifth-round replay , between Clyde and Ayr United .
The Paris Agreement on climate change is set to be signed at the United Nations later .
Taliban fighters have retaken a police base in northern Afghanistan , officials say .
A former Liberal Democrat peer who resigned from the House of Lords over comments he made about Nick Clegg has donated to the Liberal Democrat candidate in Berwick-upon-Tweed .
Pupils at a primary school in County Antrim are to return to class on Thursday , a day after their father was rescued from a burning house .
Welsh pole vaulter Sally Peake will attempt to qualify for the Rio Olympics at the British Championships in Cardiff on Saturday .
A troubled academy school on the Isle of Wight is to be merged with another school .
Sean O'Brien will make his first start for Ireland in Saturday 's Six Nations match against Scotland .
Wigan 's Championship survival hopes suffered a further blow as they were beaten at home by Ipswich .
Footballer Robert Snodgrass has appeared in court charged with dangerous driving .
The UK Independence Party has said it would create a dedicated veterans ' minister if it wins power .
A couple who were killed when they were hit by a car following a police chase have been named .
The French government has ordered special security measures after the satirical magazine Charlie Hebdo published cartoons of the Prophet Muhammad in its latest edition .
Ferrari 's Kimi Raikkonen headed Mercedes ' Nico Rosberg and Lewis Hamilton in second practice at the Chinese Grand Prix .
A pedestrian has died in hospital after being hit by a van in Glasgow .
A man who was shot in the head in Rhondda Cynon Taff has died .
Pakistan Cricket Board chairman Shaharyar Khan has criticised Australia for postponing their tour of Bangladesh because of security concerns .
A woman has died and an eight-year-old boy has been injured after being hit by a car at a rally in the Highlands .
At Lido beach in the Somali capital , Mogadishu , Abdiweli Mohamed Hassan is proud to be a lifeguard .
A ban on smoking in enclosed public places has come into force in Wales .
A woman 's hair was set on fire in a McDonald 's restaurant in Kent , police have said .
A police officer has been charged with four counts of rape .
The man who led the inquiry into the Iraq War is to be questioned by MPs for the first time .
A new Private Derby has been unveiled as the regiment 's mascot following the death of his predecessor .
A leading economic think tank has cut its growth forecast for the Scottish economy .
A 98-year-old woman has been  thrilled '' to meet her  great icon '' , George Clooney .
A police inspector and a detective are to face a misconduct hearing over their dealings with former government chief whip Andrew Mitchell .
The fervour of Italian football in Northern Ireland is undeniable .
Sports Direct 's chief executive Dave Forsey has been replaced by the company 's owner Mike Ashley .
Great Britain 's women lost 3-2 to North Korea in overtime in their third game of the World Championship in Sweden .
The National Union of Students -LRB- NUS -RRB- has launched a campaign against tuition fees .
The Office of Fair Trading -LRB- OFT -RRB- has paved the way for online travel agents to offer discounts on hotel rooms .
Tributes have been paid to the man who led the search for the remains of the Disappeared .
A contract awarded to a sawmill operator by Natural Resources Wales -LRB- NRW -RRB- may have breached EU state aid rules , the auditor general has said .
The United States is the world 's biggest producer and exporter of illegal drugs , but it is also the biggest importer .
A number of homes in Bournemouth have been left without water after a water main burst .
Manchester City have made a bid of # 50m for Everton defender John Stones .
The men 's tennis tour is enjoying a golden era , with the likes of Garbine Muguruza , Stan Wawrinka , Milos Raonic , Andy Murray , and Angelique Kerber dominating the sport .
There has been a sharp drop in the number of students completing a key qualification for nursery staff in England , figures show .
Drugs used to treat osteoporosis may actually increase the risk of fractures , a study suggests .
Leigh Griffiths admits he is  rusty '' ahead of his first start for Scotland in Sunday 's World Cup qualifier against Slovenia .
A county clerk in the US state of Kentucky has again refused to issue marriage licences to gay couples , despite a court ruling that she must do so .
Budget airline Easyjet is to launch a new route between Aberdeen and Durham Tees Valley Airport .
Plans to redevelop Jersey 's airport have been approved by the island 's government .
The Scottish government has published its proposals for land reform .
Police Scotland has admitted it does not know how many children are being sexually exploited in the country .
League Two side Hartlepool United have appointed Craig Hignett as their new manager .
In the Treasury , there is a palpable sense of caution .
The US has expelled two Russian officials in response to an attack on a US diplomat in Russia , the State Department says .
The number of Syrian refugees in Wales has passed the 500 mark , according to the Home Office .
An Italian court has ordered the seizure of more than  2bn -LRB- # 1.5bn -RRB- , belonging to a notorious slot machine fraudster .
Ghana coach Avram Grant has urged fans to stop criticising his players .
A major snow storm has hit the east coast of America .
Defending champions Australia reached the final of the Women 's World Twenty20 with a 10-run win over England in Nagpur .
Darren Bravo 's century was not enough to stop Pakistan beating West Indies by eight wickets in the first day-night Test in Dubai .
An investigation has been launched after an RAF helicopter crashed on a mountain in north Wales .
The US has begun training Syrian rebels to fight the Islamic State group .
Google says it has developed a way to cluster a network of internet-beaming balloons .
United Airlines has said it is suspending its daily service between Belfast International Airport and Newark , New Jersey .
For the first time , the crew of Pan Am Flight 73 , hijacked in Pakistan 30 years ago , have spoken out about the ordeal .
India 's Supreme Court has ruled that two Italian marines accused of killing two Indian fishermen in 2012 must stand trial in India .
California Governor Jerry Brown has vetoed a bill which would have exempted tampons and other feminine hygiene products from the state 's sales tax .
Bromley climbed out of the National League relegation zone with victory over Torquay at Hayes Lane .
Livingston extended their lead at the top of Scottish League One to 11 points with victory over Airdrieonians .
Wolves midfielder Jon Dadi Bodvarsson says new manager Paul Lambert 's style of play is having an impact on the team .
A Welsh make-up artist has been praised by actor Leonardo DiCaprio for her work on his latest film .
A council leader has been asked to resign over claims he misled councillors about his links with a fitness company .
Anglers and fishermen are being asked to help conserve a rare shark in Welsh waters .
A woman has admitted killing a man whose body was found at a house in Lincolnshire .
Ten years ago today , Northern Ireland 's football team qualified for the European Championship finals .
Three Haitian ministers have resigned after President Michel Martelly allegedly made a sexist remark at a campaign rally .
A prison officer has been suspended after a child was bitten by a police dog .
The leader of the Welsh Conservatives ' group in the Senedd has said a row over an MP 's tweets will not be repeated .
British soldiers are complaining about the new body armour they are being issued with .
The UK population reached a record high of 64,596,800 in mid-2014 , the Office for National Statistics -LRB- ONS -RRB- has said .
A council has apologised after postal ballot papers were sent out without the names of two general election candidates .
The UK prime minister has offered EU citizens living in the UK the right to stay after Brexit .
Police are investigating online abuse directed at Wigan Warriors prop Ben Flower .
A journalist has been arrested in the Indian capital , Delhi , for alleging that the government had banned Muslims from teaching yoga .
A man has been jailed for two years after being caught by an undercover police officer .
The older people 's commissioner for Wales has launched an investigation into the inappropriate use of drugs in care homes .
Yorkshire 's Jack Leaning hit his first Roses Match century to put his side in a strong position against Lancashire at Old Trafford .
In the run-up to the Africa Cup of Nations , the BBC 's Oluwashina Okeleji looks at the rise of cricket in Nigeria .
A ward at Altnagelvin Hospital in Londonderry has been evacuated after a  bed pan washer '' caught fire .
At least six people have been killed and several others injured in a bomb attack in a border town in eastern Lebanon , officials say .
Championship club Wolves have been sold to Chinese conglomerate Fosun International .
Aston Villa midfielder Jack Grealish has been cleared to play for England under-21s .
A man has been arrested on suspicion of sexually abusing two boys at a children 's home .
A statue of a gorilla made entirely of spoons has been unveiled in Shropshire to raise money for sick children .
England coach Hope Powell said she was  proud '' of her side after they beat Japan 2-0 to finish top of Group E at the Women 's World Cup .
A woman has been raped after watching the Henley Royal Regatta .
-LRB- Close -RRB- : The London market closed higher , with shares in ITV and Carillion leading the way .
A judge at Pakistan 's Supreme Court has recused himself from hearing an appeal by a Christian woman on death row for blasphemy .
A leading Australian politician is calling for a four-day working week .
One of the 25 Byron restaurant workers arrested in immigration raids has said he felt  sad '' after being deported .
Two siblings have appeared in court charged with terrorism offences .
Train conductors on the Southern rail network are to stage three 24-hour strikes .
The Sun newspaper has apologised for a column written by former editor Kelvin MacKenzie .
The World Cup in Canada has been a huge success for women 's football in the UK and I am proud to be a part of it .
In a small community in the Amazon region of Brazil , Dedel dos Santos is learning how to extract oil from trees .
Three British teenagers arrested in Turkey on suspicion of terrorism offences have been released without charge .
Welsh councils are losing out on hundreds of thousands of pounds in income from recycling .
Manchester City manager Pep Guardiola will face his former club Barcelona in the Champions League group stage .
A group of diners left a restaurant in the Spanish town of Bembibre without paying for their meal , the owner has said .
The Met Office has issued a warning of snow and ice across parts of Scotland .
A man who was cleared of involvement in a loyalist murder has launched a legal challenge to a decision not to refer his case to a new judge .
Wigan prop Ben Flower has been banned for eight games for punching St Helens ' Lance Hohaia .
The Russian government has launched its own version of the online encyclopaedia Wikipedia .
The PSNI has said it is investigating a number of cases of people being tricked into performing sex acts online and then blackmailed .
Manager Brendan Rodgers says Celtic have  everything to play for '' after equalling the club 's record of 33 wins in a season .
The former president of Lithuania ,Mindaugas Paksas , has won a case at the European Court of Human Rights over his disqualification from running for office .
Japan 's Supreme Court has ruled that a law banning women from taking their husbands ' surnames is unconstitutional .
Shares of Qualcomm fell as much as 9% in after-hours trading after the chipmaker announced plans to cut costs .
A man has been arrested on suspicion of trying to smuggle endangered species into the UK .
A fire has broken out in a restaurant at the O2 arena in south-east London .
A 19-year-old man has died after being struck by a car in west Belfast .
The head of Queen 's University in Belfast has said Northern Ireland 's higher education system is  in trouble '' .
Boaty McBoatface has been suggested as the name for a new polar research vessel .
Lukas Jutkiewicz 's second-half header earned Birmingham a point at Huddersfield .
The United Nations human rights team has accused the Venezuelan security forces of using excessive force against protesters .
US economists Gary Hart and Bengt Holmstrom have won the Nobel economics prize for their analysis of public sector contracts .
The Workers Party has complained to the BBC about the amount of airtime it has been given during the general election campaign .
A giant road sign has been spotted on a roundabout in Berkshire .
More needs to be done to promote outdoor learning in schools , according to a new report .
A team of scientists has launched a project to test the evidence for the existence of mythical yeti-like creatures .
A spate of break-ins at industrial units in Wolverhampton has been blamed on  lowlife '' thieves .
England forward Emily Scarratt has been ruled out of the Women 's Rugby World Cup through injury .
Substitutes Marko Pjaca and Dani Alves scored as Juventus took control of their Champions League last-16 tie against 10-man Porto .
The number of council homes sold in Scotland has risen for the first time in five years , according to official figures .
Alan Solomons has warned South African sides set to join the Pro12 will face a  brutal '' nine-month schedule .
Scientists have discovered a gene that could explain why some people have a  coffee compulsion '' .
A Marks and Spencer store in Manchester city centre has been closed for a second day after flooding caused by Storm Desmond .
The County Championship match between Lancashire and Somerset was abandoned without a ball bowled because of rain .
A bus has been destroyed in a fire in North Ayrshire .
An RAF pilot who caused an aircraft to nosedive when his camera became stuck in a control stick has been sacked .
A 30-year-old woman has been warned by a sheriff to keep her dog under control after it bit a postman .
Former Archbishop of Canterbury Lord Carey has said the Church of England could be  promoting anguish and pain '' if the right to die is legal .
Plans to demolish a 92-year-old fire station and replace it with a new building have been approved .
A woman has admitted stealing more than # 20,000 from her mother .
Goals from Havard Nordtveit , Mohamed Elyounoussi and Vegard Ruud gave Norway a 3-0 win over Northern Ireland in a friendly at Windsor Park .
Leanne Wood has never been one to shy away from controversy .
Inflation in the world 's second largest economy , China , has picked up slightly .
The official medals for the World Athletics Championships in London have been unveiled .
Millions of people in war-torn Yemen are at risk of starving to death , the Red Cross has warned .
Stan Wawrinka beat world number one Novak Djokovic in five sets to win the French Open .
Cases of sexually transmitted infections -LRB- STIs -RRB- have risen sharply in England and Wales , figures show .
A court in northern France has sentenced a woman to 15 years in jail for killing her five children .
A coroner has called for a review of patient safety at weekends after a woman died following surgery .
Harry Potter fans have been reacting to the news that Hermione will be played by a black actress for the first time .
Passengers were stuck on planes at Belfast International Airport for several hours on Tuesday night due to severe weather conditions .
National League side Boreham Wood have signed left-back Luke Young on a two-year contract .
The British and Irish Lions suffered a dramatic defeat by Australia in the second Test in Melbourne .
The Welsh government is to spend an extra # 8m on the housing association and social housing sector .
She was a young woman with a bright future .
At least 160 people have been killed after a church collapsed in the southern Nigerian city of Uyo , officials say .
A man has been charged in connection with a ram-raid at a supermarket in Fife .
Middlesex wicketkeeper-batsman Chris Simpson has signed a new two-year contract with the club .
A report has cleared the former Irish police commissioner , Martin Callinan , and the former justice minister , Alan Shatter .
Several leading US writers have announced they will boycott a literary awards ceremony honouring the French satirical magazine Charlie Hebdo .
Manager Neil McCann cancelled his players ' day off after Dundee 's Scottish League Cup win over Brechin City .
Guinea international Souleymane Camara has joined French side Guingamp on a two-year deal following his release by Derby County .
Solihull Moors have signed James Edwards on a two-year deal following his release by National League rivals Braintree Town .
Wales head coach Warren Gatland says New Zealand counterpart Graham Henry 's approach to selection has been a key factor in the build-up to the three-Test series .
In 1947 , the British Empire was split into two new countries , India and Pakistan .
The Scottish SPCA has called for the licensing of airguns after a cat was shot with a pellet gun in the Highlands .
Thousands of people are marching in the South African city of Durban to condemn recent xenophobic attacks .
A man who stabbed a woman to death in a Caerphilly county hotel had previously threatened to kill a police officer , an inquest has heard .
Ancient Chinese game pieces have been discovered in a tomb .
Britain 's Katarina Johnson-Thompson secured her place at the Rio Olympics with victory at the European Championships .
West Indies won the Women 's World Twenty20 for the first time with a five-wicket victory over Australia in Kolkata .
A six-month sentence given to a man who killed a former professional cyclist is  too lenient '' , British Cycling has said .
Shares in the world 's biggest carmaker have fallen sharply after it was accused of cheating in the US .
A PhD student has developed  the most environmentally friendly '' falling snow liquids .
An Aberdeen man has captured a rare picture of a dolphin attacking a harbour porpoise .
Germany 's exports and factory output fell in November , according to official figures .
A man accused of murdering a rival drug dealer in Denbighshire has told a court he banged on his victim 's car window to scare him .
Newsweek , the 80-year-old US news magazine , has published its final print edition .
When Coventry City moved from Highfield Road to the Ricoh Arena 10 years ago , fans were given a boost .
A number of universities in England are advertising higher level tuition fees than the 9,000 limit proposed by the government .
A British conservationist has accused Maltese hunters of flouting EU rules to shoot protected birds .
Recordings of Christmas celebrations and family gatherings have been restored and are now on display at the Museum of London .
UK house prices rose by 9.5% in 2015 , according to the latest figures from the Halifax .
A rare painting of the coronation of King Henry VII has been found in a County Durham park .
Head coach Corey Neilson says Nottingham Panthers are capable of winning the Elite League play-offs for the first time .
Four men have been charged with attempted murder after shots were fired at protesters camped out near a Minneapolis police station .
The chief constable of South Yorkshire Police is to retire , the force has confirmed .
It is one of the most overused phrases in football .
In the dusty halls of the Moco-Moco Primary School , a row of blackboards is set up in a row .
Four men have appeared in court charged with conspiracy to supply cannabis worth an estimated # 1m .
A  five-figure '' sum is expected to be needed to repair a 200-year-old stone monument in Hampshire .
Eddie Izzard is to run 27 marathons in 27 days in South Africa for Sport Relief .
Meet Mohamed , a 19-year-old who has travelled from Syria to Turkey in the hope of a new life in Europe .
The former president of Brazil , Luiz Inacio Lula da Silva , has been accused of corruption and obstruction of justice .
US President Barack Obama has criticised David Cameron 's handling of the Libya intervention .
Heavy rain has caused flooding in parts of Cambridgeshire .
A cybersecurity blogger who has been targeted by hackers and cybercriminals says he has been the victim of an attempted murder plot .
A fox has been released back into the wild after being rescued in Carmarthenshire .
Adults who smoke near children are putting their health at risk , according to Public Health England .
A Scottish government minister has blamed the fall in the oil price for the country 's poor economic performance .
The US-based Transparency International -LRB- TI -RRB- has warned that plans to restrict access to a Russian property database could make it harder to tackle corruption .
Scotland 's first minister has ruled out holding a second independence referendum this year .
Taylor Swift has been named album of the year at the Grammy Awards for the second time .
Northampton Town boss Chris Wilder is among the candidates to become the new manager of Bolton Wanderers , reports BBC Radio Northampton .
As Saudi Arabia and its allies continue their air strikes against Houthi rebels in Yemen , the BBC 's James Reynolds assesses the campaign .
There has been a dramatic decline in the amount of media coverage of climate change .
A sippy cup manufacturer has stepped in to help a boy who does not drink from them after his father 's Twitter appeal went viral .
An Iranian court has arrested eight people suspected of being involved in online modelling , state media report .
Mae Geraint Thomas wedi cyhoeddi ar gyrraedd y terfyn yn S4C .
A British father and son were among five people killed when a whale-watching boat capsized off the coast of western Canada .
A man has been charged with the murder of a man who was stabbed to death in Essex .
Former Falkirk MP Eric Joyce has been found guilty of head-butting two teenagers .
Kent have signed batsman Sean Dickson following a successful trial with the club .
Joyce Banda is Malawi 's first female president .
Pope Francis has freed a priest who was jailed for stealing confidential documents from the Vatican .
One of San Francisco 's most exclusive streets has been sold at auction .
Leicester hooker Tom Youngs says he is determined to earn a recall to the England squad after recovering from back surgery .
A gas exploration company has been refused permission to drill a borehole in County Fermanagh .
An elderly man is to stand trial accused of causing the death of a teenage girl by reversing over her at a petrol station .
Warrington Wolves have released Matty Bailey , Ben Cox and Scott Dodds .
Police searching for missing toddler Ben Needham have said they believe he was killed by a digger .
The family of a cyclist killed in a crash in east London have appealed for witnesses .
A new treatment for children with severe epilepsy is being tested in the UK .
Private Muslim and Christian schools have been criticised by Ofsted for failing to promote  fundamental British values '' .
Tributes have been paid to a man who died during a triathlon .
A tortoise has been stolen from a tank in a pet shop .
Twitter 's top trending hashtags in Russia are often associated with Western pop culture , or its fans .
The inquest into the death of 22-year-old mother Samantha Bevan , who took her own life after giving birth to a baby girl , has highlighted the need for more support for women with mental health problems .
Super League side Leigh Centurions have signed Hull FC prop Curtis Naughton on a two-year deal .
Gillingham manager Phil Pennock wants to sign two or three more players before the transfer window closes on Wednesday .
Voting has begun in key state elections in Nigeria .
Fourteen-year-old Malala Yousafzai was shot in the head by the Taliban last year .
Heavy rain and flooding have caused disruption across parts of England .
The Scottish National Party has won a parliamentary by-election in South Ayrshire .
Corey Whitely scored the only goal of the game as Dagenham beat Eastleigh at Ten Acres .
Suite Francaise , a wartime love story set in Nazi-occupied France , is to have its world premiere at the Venice Film Festival .
The former governor of Nigeria 's Delta state , James Ibori , has pleaded guilty to money-laundering .
Former Premier League footballer Leon McKenzie will make the first defence of his English title later this year .
Education Secretary Michael Gove and Deputy Prime Minister Nick Clegg have been accused of lunacy '' over funding for free schools in England .
The UK Border Agency -LRB- UKBA -RRB- needs to do more to deal with a backlog of 150,000 migrants who have been refused permission to stay , the chief inspector of borders and immigration has said .
It is a year since the United States and Cuba restored full diplomatic relations .
A decision to close a platform door to the disabled at Bath railway station has been criticised by an equality group .
Sussex 's Matt Machan hit an unbeaten 178 to put his side in a strong position against Worcestershire at Hove .
Twelve narrow streets in Edinburgh 's Old Town are to be transformed as part of a  Twelve Closes '' project .
The Police Service of Northern Ireland -LRB- PSNI -RRB- has lost an appeal against a High Court ruling that it must hand over documents in a case brought by a former loyalist paramilitary .
Germany has begun distributing asylum seekers more evenly across the country in a bid to cope with a huge influx .
Views are being sought on the future of Gloucester 's former prison .
Volunteers are being asked to help tackle the number of mountain fires in Wales .
A council has said it is in talks with the Ministry of Defence -LRB- MoD -RRB- over the redevelopment of a military depot in Shropshire .
A sinkhole that opened in a residential street was caused by a collapse in the ground , the British Geological Survey -LRB- BGS -RRB- has said .
The director of the Marie Stopes abortion clinic in Belfast , Dawn Purvis , is to step down .
French President Francois Hollande has called on the European Union to be  simple '' and  effective '' .
Researchers have used electromagnetic waves to implant a pacemaker into a rabbit 's heart .
Julie and her daughter Shannon are sitting in the living room of their home in Stockport .
Scotland ran in five tries in an emphatic win over Georgia at Murrayfield .
The people of Wales go to the polls on 5 May to vote in local elections .
The chief executive of Barnet Council has resigned after voters were turned away at polling stations during the EU referendum .
Northampton Town captain Dean Richards says the club 's manager Chris Wilder has been  first class '' this season .
A woman believed to be the world 's heaviest has been admitted to a hospital in the United Arab Emirates .
Fears are growing in the Egyptian resort of Sharm el-Sheikh after a series of shark attacks .
The car used in the murder of a man in the Republic of Ireland has been found burnt out .
Reform of the council tax in Scotland is a  major undertaking '' , according to a report .
The head of the Welsh Government 's bovine TB eradication programme has announced she is stepping down .
A small earthquake has been detected near a fracking site in Lancashire .
Detectives investigating the murders of two British tourists in Thailand have completed their work , police have said .
A police unit has been criticised for failing to investigate a rape allegation against a man who went on to kill his two children .
Plans to sell shares in a fire-damaged pier to the public have been announced .
Aldershot Town have signed midfielder Sean McGinty on a two-year deal after he impressed during a loan spell .
Public satisfaction with the way the NHS is run in England has fallen sharply , according to a long-running survey .
Firefighters have been tackling a blaze at a thatched house in Suffolk .
Swansea City winger Nathan Dyer has been ruled out for the rest of the season with a knee injury .
Burundi is one of the world 's poorest countries .
Victims of abuse at a children 's home in Halifax have staged a protest calling for an independent investigation .
Doctors at a Denbighshire hospital have voted to strike over plans to downgrade maternity services .
The US Treasury Department has urged the European Commission to reconsider its probe into Apple 's tax affairs .
Eilish McColgan has a Terminator-like build .
A fresh appeal for information about the murder of a teenage girl in Manchester 45 years ago is to be broadcast on BBC Crimewatch .
A majority of Scottish firms believe Brexit will have a negative impact on their business , according to a survey .
Waiting times for mental health treatment in Wales are to be cut , the Welsh government has announced .
Five cygnets have been killed after being hit by a car in County Fermanagh .
The Prince of Wales has spoken of the need to  understand and defuse '' the  perverse determination '' of those who want to maim and kill .
Ken Owens is used to being called a  super sub '' .
Celtic manager Ronny Deila says his side can still qualify for the Europa League knockout stages if they beat Ajax on Thursday .
Luke Rowe scored the only goal of the game as Doncaster beat Colchester 1-0 at the Keepmoat Stadium .
At a steam bathhouse in south-east London , a group of men and women are lying on their backs , covered in bunches of red oak .
Denny Solomona scored a hat-trick as Sale held on to beat Premiership leaders Wasps .
Arsenal Ladies midfielder Alex Iwobi has signed a new contract with the Women 's Super League club .
Scientists believe they have identified a genetic change that helped humans develop larger brains .
Lord Waddington , the former Conservative home secretary , has died aged 85 .
Too many young people leaving care in England are struggling to find work , education or training , says a group of MPs .
National League side Torquay United have signed Gibraltar international Omar Bogle on a one-year deal .
Police have released an e-fit of a man they want to trace after a five-year-old girl was attacked by a dog .
Kell Brook says beating Gennady Golovkin would make him the best pound-for-pound boxer in the world .
Struggling Asian commodities trader Noble Group has said it expects to report a net loss of $1.5bn -LRB- # 1bn -RRB- for 2015 .
Shrewsbury held on to beat Blackpool in League One .
Voters in France are going to the polls in the second round of the presidential election .
Thousands of runners from around the world are taking part in this year 's Great North Run .
McDonald 's is rationing fries in Japan because of a food shortage .
Defending champion Scott Waites has been knocked out of the BDO World Darts Championship in the quarter-finals by Jimmy Noppert .
Patients at Reading Prison 's mental health unit are to be asked to give their views on the service they receive .
-LRB- Close -RRB- : Shares in US health insurers rose after the Supreme Court ruled in favour of the Affordable Care Act .
The Northern Ireland Assembly has rejected a call to cut parking fines from 90 to 45 .
The number of Americans living in poverty held steady last year , according to the US Census Bureau .
Brighton have signed Stoke City midfielder Steve Sidwell on loan until the end of the season .
A pair of Queen Victoria 's underpants are to be sold at auction .
A two-year-old girl who was reported missing in Pembrokeshire has been found safe and well , police have said .
Carlisle United have signed former Wigan Athletic midfielder Mike Jones on a one-year deal .
England were bowled out for 101 on the final day of the Women 's Ashes Test as Australia sealed a series victory at Lord 's .
England winger Ryan Hall says the team must move on from Saturday 's defeat by New Zealand in the Four Nations .
The number of skier days at Scotland 's snowsports centres this winter was down on previous seasons , according to new figures .
Portraits of some of Britain 's most famous people are to go on display in Hull .
China has admitted for the first time that it allows commercial trade in tiger skins from captive animals , officials and conservationists have told the BBC .
Organisers of the E3 Harelbeke cycle race in Belgium have agreed to remove a poster which appears to show a man pinching a girl 's bottom .
Robert Kubica says he misses racing in Formula 1 .
The number of undocumented immigrants arrested in the US has risen sharply since the start of the year , officials say .
American businessman Michael Eisner is keen to appoint a new chief executive at Portsmouth .
Leicester City striker Jamie Vardy is close to scoring again , says manager Claudio Ranieri .
A roller coaster at Alton Towers is to reopen after a crash which left five people injured .
Aston Villa manager Remi Garde has been given a boost with the news that Gabby Agbonlahor has returned to training .
A year on from the murder of MP Jo Cox , those who knew her say her legacy will live on .
Plans to ban dogs from sports pitches in Wrexham would  punish responsible dog owners '' , the RSPCA has said .
The Irish justice minister , Alan Shatter , has been at the centre of a series of controversies .
Jonathan Trott scored a century as Warwickshire beat Essex to reach the One-Day Cup semi-finals .
A man 's body has been found in a drain in Lincolnshire .
The younger brother of Olympic taekwondo champion Jade Jones has been selected for the Great Britain squad .
A Japanese pensioner accused of poisoning her husband to death with cyanide has told a court she is innocent , local media report .
Darren Fletcher is more deserving of the Scotland captaincy than Scott Brown , according to former midfielder Barry Wilson .
The US has warned its citizens against travelling to Istanbul and the Turkish city of Antalya because of  credible threats '' .
Spanish side Celta Vigo have signed Fulham goalkeeper Sergio Rico on loan until the end of the season .
Residents in Liverpool could be asked to pay more to maintain the city 's parks and open spaces .
Bangladesh took control of the second Test against England on day three in Mirpur .
Mansfield boss Steve Evans was sent to the stands as his side lost 3-0 at Grimsby .
League One side Wigan Athletic have signed Oxford United defender Lewis Dunkley on a two-year deal .
A 21-year-old man has died after falling from a cherry picker at a factory in Skegness .
Fifa president Gianni Infantino says he has received  overwhelmingly '' support for his plan to expand the World Cup to 48 teams .
A boxer has been given a suspended prison sentence for assaulting his ex-girlfriend .
A police training centre has been criticised after it was used to train officers .
Comedian Bill Bailey has spoken of his  shame '' after his tour bus was stolen during a gig in Liverpool .
Kilmarnock goalkeeper Craig Samson has left the club by mutual consent .
The new chancellor has said the government is willing to  reset '' its economic policy , if it is deemed necessary .
Guiseley have signed Mansfield Town midfielder Paul Hurst on loan until the end of the season .
There is a  problem '' in dealing with race issues in the police service , according to the National Black Police Association .
A campaign group has launched a legal challenge to the government 's plans to cull badgers in England .
Salford Red Devils owner Marwan Koukash says he is  working hard '' to ensure the club is financially viable for next season .
A motion has been tabled in the Irish parliament calling on the police commissioner, Nirn Frazer , to cancel an Orange Order march in Dublin on Saturday .
Ross Moriarty 's first week with the British and Irish Lions has been anything but ordinary .
Jon Stead 's late strike earned Notts County a 2-1 win at Hartlepool .
A 15-year-old girl is in a critical condition in hospital after a suspected hit-and-run crash .
The parents of a man killed in a car crash in the US state of Alaska have been reunited with him at his girlfriend 's home .
Labour MP David Lammy has said he is considering standing for the party 's leadership .
Firefighters have been called out to tackle a new fire at a dockyard in Cardiff .
United Airlines is offering millions of flight miles to hackers who report security flaws .
A man who raped and murdered an Irish woman in Australia has been found guilty of raping three other women .
A third whale has washed up on the Suffolk coast , scientists have said .
Rory McIlroy says he is  totally fine '' to play in this week 's US Open .
The air quality around Heathrow Airport will improve if a third runway is built , according to new research .
Toddlers who play with touchscreens are less likely to get a good night 's sleep , research suggests .
Newly-promoted Leicester Lions are set to make their first signings of the new season following the takeover of the club by Steve Bates .
Hopes of finding more survivors in the rubble of a collapsed building in the Bangladeshi capital , Dhaka , are fading , officials say .
Mae 'r cynllun i adeiladu trac rasio ger Glyn Ebwy yn cael ei gymeradwyo .
US President Donald Trump 's eldest daughter , Ivanka , is to become a White House adviser .
Former Everton manager Roberto Martinez says he will treasure '' his time at the club .
The world 's largest glacier , Totten in Antarctica , is likely to rapidly retreat inland , a study suggests .
If you 're a dog owner , you 'll know that talking to your pet is important .
A man has been left scarred for life after being attacked in a pub in Glasgow .
The number of people unemployed in the UK fell by 39,000 to 1.6 million in August , official figures show .
Levels of violence at a prison where two inmates died last year are  very high '' , inspectors have said .
Some hospitals in Scotland are spending more on food for patients than the rest of the country .
A man has died after a stage collapsed at a Radiohead concert in the Canadian city of Toronto .
HBO has cancelled its period drama Vinyl , starring Sir Mick Jagger and Martin Scorsese .
It is one of the world 's best-selling off-road vehicles , but Land Rover has long been criticised for its uninspiring design .
American football star Johnny Manziel is expected to be charged with assaulting his ex-girlfriend .
Sean Dickson 's maiden first-class century put Kent in a strong position against Derbyshire .
Jeremy Corbyn has called for an  honest , open and respectful debate '' after Scottish Labour leader Kezia Dugdale was jeered during a TV debate .
The family of a Scots aid worker killed during a rescue mission in Afghanistan have visited the country for the first time .
The UK 's competition watchdog has raised competition concerns over Heineken 's planned takeover of Punch Taverns .
Borussia Dortmund have signed France Under-19 midfielder Ousmane Dembele from Borussia Monchengladbach .
YouTube has hit back at criticism it has received from the music industry .
Plans to close a major public swimming pool in Derby have been scrapped .
Saudi Arabia 's Prince Alwaleed bin Talal has bought a 5% stake in Twitter .
A 21-year-old motorcyclist has died following a crash in Lancashire .
Doctors say they have made a significant breakthrough in treating cystic fibrosis .
One of China 's richest men , Zhou Chengjian , the chairman of Metersbonwe , has been reported missing .
Two men arrested on suspicion of murdering a man whose body has never been found have been released .
Dundee defender Darren O'Dea says it is  virtually impossible '' for the club to replace Kane Hemmings and Greg Stewart .
The former mayor of Toronto , Rob Ford , is lying in state at the city 's city hall .
Raith Rovers and Dundee United played out a goalless draw at Stark 's Park .
A teenager has been arrested on suspicion of attempted murder after a man was stabbed .
Seven men from India 's low-caste Dalit community have died after taking poison in the western state of Gujarat , police say .
The Israeli navy has intercepted a boat carrying pro-Palestinian activists trying to break the blockade of Gaza .
A man who claims he was sexually abused as a child has called for an investigation into how police handled the case .
Counterfeit and poor-quality antimalarial drugs are killing millions of people around the world , say scientists .
Hilary Mantel 's Booker Prize-winning novel Bring Up the Bodies and Madeleine Thien 's novel The Sense of an Ending are in the running for a prestigious international prize .
The Democratic Unionist Party -LRB- DUP -RRB- has said it will take  unilateral action '' if the government does not intervene in the crisis at Stormont .
A Chinese astronaut has returned to Earth after living inside a space capsule for a year .
It 's been a year since the Scottish independence referendum , but the political debate is still playing out .
Sales of Scotch whisky have fallen in the first quarter of the year , according to one of the world 's biggest distillers .
A man has been arrested on suspicion of murdering his wife in Bristol .
Two previously unseen manuscripts by Welsh poet Dylan Thomas are to go on display in Swansea .
Prince Harry has been performing the famous Haka dance in Auckland , New Zealand .
When things go wrong , it is often difficult to know what to do .
Mae dyn wedi dweud ei gyd , yn ysgrifennydd .
The United States has closed its embassies across the Middle East and North Africa because of an  imminent threat '' from al-Qaeda .
David Haigh has resigned as managing director of Leeds United following the takeover of the club by Massimo Cellino .
Chelsea produced a stunning comeback to beat Manchester City at Etihad Stadium and go second in the Premier League .
Andrew Davies has broken his own world record in the shot put at the Arizona Grand Prix .
West Ham were beaten 3-2 by Juventus in their first game at the club 's new home .
An Islamic high school in Birmingham has denied that it segregates male and female governors .
Spotlight has been named best film at the New York Film Society awards .
Thirty-five puppies have been seized in a cross-border raid by the Irish border force .
The chief executive of Barclays , Antony Jenkins , has been sacked after falling out with the board over the size of the investment bank and the pace of cost cutting .
-LRB- Close -RRB- : Shares in Royal Bank of Scotland fell more than 7% after the bank warned of a fall in full-year profits .
Championship side Charlton Athletic have re-signed Chelsea defender Callum Dasilva on a season-long loan deal .
A four-week-old fox cub has been rescued after getting stuck in the engine of a car on the A74(M) near Lockerbie .
Justice Secretary Michael Matheson has urged politicians and lawyers not to comment on the investigation into the death of Aberdeen man Abdul Bayoh .
Gambian President Yahya Jammeh has said he will  wipe out '' 82% of the workforce if he is re-elected .
Inverness Caledonian Thistle 's relegation fears deepened as St Johnstone eased to victory at McDiarmid Park .
Referee Mark Clattenburg has been cleared of racially abusing Chelsea midfielder John Mikel Obi by the Football Association .
Sherlock star Benedict Cumberbatch is to star in a TV adaptation of Shakespeare 's The Tempest .
Former Irish Prime Minister Albert Reynolds has died at the age of 74 .
Paris St-Germain have signed Brazil centre-back Marquinhos from Roma for an undisclosed fee .
Italy 's parliament has approved a new proportional electoral system .
A 16-year-old boy has been rescued from a cave after falling 20ft -LRB- 6m -RRB- .
Three Britons who were rescued from the Langtang Valley in Nepal have arrived back in the UK .
The mother of a newborn baby whose remains were found in a bag may have suffered  deep trauma '' , police have said .
Brazilian President Michel Temer has condemned the gang rape of a teenage girl in Rio de Janeiro .
A Grade II-listed church in Surrey is to have its spire repaired after it was damaged by woodpeckers .
One of the world 's rarest and most valuable opals has been discovered in South Australia .
There 's a lot to watch out for over the next few days , as the House of Lords continues to debate the EU Referendum Bill .
A security officer who frisked Australian Foreign Minister Julie Bishop at Sydney Airport has been sacked .
An Australian woman who was severely burned in a bushfire has completed her first Ironman triathlon .
Claudio Ranieri was the man who brought Leicester City 's fairytale to life .
Arsenal secured their first Premier League win of the season with victory over Watford at Vicarage Road .
A light aircraft has crashed in a field in Kent .
Guides and Brownies have been given a new oath that no longer refers to God .
Two teenagers have been arrested at an illegal rave in east London .
Sheffield United boosted their League One play-off hopes with a comfortable win at Chesterfield .
A man with terminal cancer has climbed Mount Everest .
Online grocer Ocado has returned to profit for the first time in its history .
A four-year-old boy has died after becoming stuck in a revolving wall at a restaurant in the US city of Atlanta , police say .
Chelsea manager Jose Mourinho criticised his side 's performance in the 0-0 draw with West Ham at Stamford Bridge .
When the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge visited Holywell earlier this year , they were taken on a tour of the town 's medieval landmarks .
An environmental group has launched a legal challenge to a controversial housing development near the University of Oxford .
Edinburgh City are through to the Scottish Championship play-off final after beating Cove Rangers in the second leg of their semi-final .
Nicola Sturgeon has said she is  trying to find a compromise '' on the issue of Scottish independence .
It 's almost time for Glastonbury , the world 's biggest music festival , to begin .
Twelve people have been rescued after a fire broke out at a hotel in west London .
Leanne Wood used to go to school at Tonypandy Community College .
A bridge in County Durham has been closed due to structural problems .
Sergio Aguero says he and his Manchester City team-mates understand the criticism they are receiving from fans .
Britain 's Shauna Coxsey missed out on a second gold medal at the World Bouldering Championships .
A new centre to develop new technologies for the oil and gas industry has been opened in Aberdeen .
A police officer has been cleared of assaulting a man in Gwynedd .
Passengers at Edinburgh Airport faced delays after their computers failed .
The man who has provided the voice of Kermit the Frog for more than 25 years is to leave the role .
Lenovo has unveiled a smartphone that uses Google 's Tango virtual-reality technology and a modular version of its Moto Z phone .
People affected by flooding in York are struggling to apply for grants , an MP has said .
The chief constable of the Police Service of Northern Ireland has said an exit from the European Union would be  doable '' .
School libraries are under threat from budget cuts , staff say .
Richie Ramsay said he was  gutted '' to miss out on winning his first European Tour title at the Scottish Open .
The East Midlands has voted overwhelmingly to leave the European Union .
One of UKIP 's most senior MEPs has said he will leave the party if its leadership contest is won by Waters .
A US appeals court has ruled that the National Security Agency -LRB- NSA -RRB- programme to collect phone records is unconstitutional .
Schools in Guinea have reopened after being closed for months due to the Ebola outbreak .
A petition calling for the return of residents of the Chagos Islands has been handed in to Downing Street .
The former head of the Army has warned against  playing the Taliban 's game '' over recent attacks in Afghanistan .
A man has died after a car crashed into a garden wall .
Permian and Khalidi have been added to the field for the Epsom Derby .
The Football Association has approved the introduction of a new penalty shootout system .
Bournemouth have been charged by the Football Association for breaching anti-doping rules .
Zac Efron was the big winner at this year 's MTV Movie and TV Awards , taking home four trophies .
Glasgow Warriors have confirmed the signing of South African lock Kebble Potgieter .
Katarina Johnson-Thompson had to settle for silver in the long jump at the World Indoor Championships in Portland .
A golfer has been attacked by a crocodile while playing at a course in northern Australia .
A man has been fined for fly-tipping more than 100 tonnes of rubbish at the side of a road .
The prime minister 's announcement today that the government is going to give the devolved nations of the UK the power to set their own budgets has been described as a  constitutional revolution '' .
Goalkeeper Stephen Bywater has signed a new one-year deal with Burton Albion .
Urgent care centres in the north-east of England have been temporarily closed at night due to a lack of staff .
Islamic State -LRB- Isis -RRB- has seized control of large parts of Syria .
Donald Trump 's first visit to Europe as US president has been marked by a series of low-key meetings with European leaders .
Northern Ireland 's biggest building materials company , Northstone , has reported a fall in turnover and profits for 2012 .
Concerns have been raised about the safety and quality of services run by a private company .
A council contractor has been sacked after a set of road markings appeared in the wrong place .
Five British men accused of illegally entering Indian waters have been released on bail .
Sale Sharks forward Nick Easter has announced he will retire at the end of the season .
The US has urged China and Vietnam to de-escalate tensions in disputed waters in the South China Sea .
More than 100 people have attended an event in Merthyr Tydfil to remember the Aberfan disaster .
The first series of Doctor Foster , in which she played Gemma , was a  difficult time '' for her , says the actress .
A man has been shot dead in a bar in Dublin .
Aggressive octopuses display contrasting body colour and behaviour to avoid conflict , a study suggests .
Household spending power in Northern Ireland is the lowest in the UK , according to a report .
England lost the second Twenty20 international of their series against South Africa by eight runs in Port Elizabeth .
A boxer has said she will never box for Wales again after being banned from competing .
A food company has announced plans to invest # 1m in its factory in Dumfries and Galloway .
A few weeks ago , the Irish foreign minister , Simon Coveney , spoke of a  seamless approach '' to the Irish border after Brexit .
Bradford City moved to within a point of the League One play-off places thanks to Steven Evans ' first goal of the season .
Wayne Rooney 's testimonial match against Everton will be streamed live on Facebook .
Napoli missed the chance to go top of Serie A as they were held to a draw at home by AC Milan .
Aston Villa manager Tim Sherwood says he is determined to turn around the club 's fortunes after their 4-0 FA Cup final defeat by Arsenal .
A Lebanese journalist and her TV station have gone on trial at a UN-backed tribunal for the murder of former Lebanese Prime Minister Rafik Hariri .
A sinkhole that swallowed a lorry may have been caused by the collapse of a tunnel , a council has said .
A consultation on the future of maternity services in north Wales has been launched .
Two young people have joined a new Benedictine order in Monmouthshire .
An investigation has been launched into the care of dogs seized by police , the BBC has learned .
A man who crashed his car into a house in West Sussex has been given a 12-month community order .
A group of Australian scientists stranded on a research ship in Antarctica have been airlifted to safety .
Comedian Jason Manford has asked his fans to help him find a job for his 70-year-old father .
A US court has ordered a woman to unlock her iPhone using her fingerprint .
It 's been a year since Channel 4 's Benefits Street first aired .
Eoin Morgan led England to a series-clinching five-wicket win over Australia in the third one-day international .
Cole Stockton scored the only goal of the game as Tranmere beat Dover at Prenton Park .
Voters in Nigeria go to the polls on Saturday to elect a new president , with former military ruler Muhammadu Buhari of the All Progressives Congress -LRB- APC -RRB- and incumbent Goodluck Jonathan of the People 's Democratic Party .
A Cardiff man has said his family are living in fear after a colony of tube spiders infested his home .
A surgical bung was left in a patient 's arm after an operation , it has emerged .
England 's 1-0 defeat by Spain flattered the visitors , says captain Gary Cahill .
A knitwear firm in the Scottish Borders has reported a surge in sales following the launch of its own brand .
A campaign to raise money for disabled pensioner Alan Barnes after he was mugged has raised more than # 330,000 .
Actress Michelle Terry is to become the new actor-manager of Shakespeare 's Globe .
Red Bull 's Sebastian Vettel beat team-mate Mark Webber to victory in a dramatic Malaysian Grand Prix .
A security robot patrolling the streets of San Francisco was knocked over by a pedestrian on Thursday .
A man has been jailed for the murder of a man whose body was buried in a concrete outhouse .
Ricky Miller scored a hat-trick as Dover came from behind to beat Forest Green 4-3 at the Crabble Athletic Ground .
A man has been stabbed to death in north London .
US Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump has sparked outrage by suggesting gun rights supporters could stop his Democratic rival Hillary Clinton from appointing judges .
The former Conservative leader of the House of Commons, Margaret Thatcher , is to be the guest of honour at this year 's Edinburgh International Book Festival .
The mother of a five-year-old boy has appeared in court charged with his murder in Dublin .
Holders Arsenal Ladies will face WSL 1 leaders Manchester City in the semi-finals of the Continental Cup .
Three-time Paralympic archery champion Jade Brown says she will not switch disciplines to compete at the 2016 Games in Rio .
Labour will commit to a  clear plan '' to renationalise Britain 's railways , leader Jeremy Corbyn has said .
Lord Ashcroft has told guests at the launch of his book about David Cameron 's university days that he is  out of danger '' after suffering a heart attack and septic shock .
An investment firm has developed an algorithm that can make financial decisions for its board .
An iPad used by a boy with autism has been stolen from his home .
The UK is to build a new prison in Jamaica in a bid to deport hundreds of Jamaican nationals jailed in the UK .
Rory McIlroy and Lee Westwood share the lead on seven under par after the first round of the DP World Tour Championship .
The Democratic Unionist Party -LRB- DUP -RRB- has  lost the run of themselves '' in Northern Ireland , Sinn Fin has said .
Dundee manager Neil McCann wants the club to have a database to help him identify potential signings .
If you 're a fan of EastEnders , then you 'll know the news that Lucy Beale 's killer has been revealed .
Five members of Canada 's armed forces have been removed from active duty after they were filmed carrying a British flag at a First Nations ceremony in Halifax .
A US space technology company based in Belfast has gone into liquidation with the loss of eight jobs .
Police investigating the murder of a man in west Belfast have said he was a potential witness in a murder inquiry .
John Esposito , one of Elvis Presley 's closest friends , has died at the age of 82 .
One in five people in Scotland has gone without food in the past year , according to a survey .
Serena Williams says she deserves to be paid less because of her sex .
Las Vegas is a city of glitz , glamour and neon lights .
Director Ruben Babenco , whose 1988 film Kiss of the Spider Woman won the Oscar for best foreign language film , has died at the age of 74 .
Keith Farmer won the opening race of the British Supersport Championship at Knockhill on Saturday .
Mali 's government has appealed for military help to stop the slaughter of an endangered species of elephant in the north of the country .
The number of women diagnosed with lung cancer in Scotland is on the rise , according to new figures .
Small businesses are the most vulnerable to cyber-attack .
Plans for a new motorway would have a  significant impact '' on a network of ancient ditches , a public inquiry has heard .
Tablets in schools are helping to motivate pupils who might otherwise be disengaged , a study suggests .
A quantity of suspected illegal cigarettes have been found in Dorset .
A woman who was stabbed to death in Rotherham has been named by police .
Steven Gerrard 's final appearance for Liverpool at AFC Wimbledon was a game of two halves .
The European Space Agency -LRB- Esa -RRB- has launched the first part of a network that it hopes will revolutionise the way Earth is monitored .
A look back at some of the key stories at this year 's Oscars .
Germany 's Michael Jung won Olympic gold in the eventing team event as Greece 's Antonis Fischertakinou failed to defend his title .
Rescuers are continuing to search for survivors of a landslide in central Sri Lanka .
At least 23 people have been injured after a pick-up truck crashed into spectators during a Mardi Gras parade in the US city of New Orleans , police say .
Sheffield United have signed Fulham defender Richard Stearman on a two-year deal .
Spanish police have arrested a suspected member of the notorious Pink Panther gang during a raid on a jewellery shop in Barcelona .
Regulators should change the rules on how much Thames Water gets for investing in the proposed Thames Tunnel , an academic has claimed .
As 2016 draws to a close , we take a look at the arts in Northern Ireland .
Yemen 's Shia Houthi rebels have freed the country 's chief of staff they had been holding captive .
French presidential candidate Francois Fillon has won the backing of his party .
Please use the form below to tell us what you think about BBC Newcastle and BBC Look North .
North Korea has carried out a live-fire drill near the South Korean presidential palace , state media say .
Two 19-year-old men have been arrested on suspicion of attempted murder after a teenager was stabbed .
A Labour councillor has been suspended from the party after posting anti-Semitic tweets .
Tens of thousands of children could be at risk of poverty because of changes to benefits , say researchers .
The majority of farmers have received their EU subsidies , Scotland 's rural affairs secretary has said .
Former Derbyshire batsman John Wright has been appointed as the county 's T20 coach .
The head of the Metropolitan Police has called for more support for armed officers .
As the final whistle sounded at West Ham 's Boleyn Ground , there was a smattering of applause from the home fans .
A 17-year-old boy has been charged with drugs offences after a teenager was taken to hospital after taking tablets .
The future prosperity of Wales is in the knowledge economy and the universities are the building blocks of that economy , a leading academic has said .
The Mexican restaurant chain Boojum has been sold .
Karen Bardsley has been ruled out of England 's Euro 2017 qualifiers against Belgium and Bosnia-Herzegovina .
A man has been jailed for eight months for failing to give money raised for a cancer charity to the family of a boy who died .
Championship side Sheffield Wednesday have signed Middlesbrough striker Jordan Rhodes on loan until the end of the season .
As a potato trader , entrepreneur and vodka-maker , Richard Chase knows a thing or two about overcoming adversity .
Hospitals across the UK are struggling to cope with rising demand , doctors say .
The boss of the corporation that runs the Balmoral Show has said new roads will improve access to the event .
A woman who made a series of false rape claims has been jailed for four years .
One of the passengers on board the Amsterdam-to-Paris Thalys train that was attacked by a gunman has spoken of the chaos on board .
Scotland 's men 's and women 's curling teams have qualified for the European Championships in Braehead .
The first minister has backed a campaign by survivors of the Thalidomide scandal to secure compensation from the German government .
Up to 800 migrants are feared drowned after their boat capsized in the Mediterranean Sea , the Italian coastguard says .
Exeter Chiefs have signed Leicester Tigers second-row Geoff Parling and Bath winger Olly Woodburn on two-year deals .
A 25-year-old man has been injured after being struck by a firework in north Belfast .
The authorities in Singapore have announced new rules to curb the growth of app-based taxi booking services .
In case you missed it , here 's a round-up of Sunday 's Premier League action .
Keighley Cougars have complained to the Rugby Football League -LRB- RFL -RRB- after a player was bitten during a Challenge Cup match against Fryston Warriors .
Sports Direct boss Mike Ashley has won the right to continue his legal action against Rangers Football Club .
A Gloucester water company has been fined # 100,000 after a worker was crushed to death .
When I was a player at Manchester United , we were known for our away form .
Heavy rain caused flooding in parts of Norfolk , the fire service has said .
US Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump has said he would review the US 's commitment to Nato if he becomes president .
Two more former Rabobank traders have been charged in the US in connection with the Libor rate-rigging scandal .
Donald Trump 's campaign manager, Corey Lewandowski , has been charged with assaulting a reporter .
The first thing I did when I met Ivan Lendl for the first time was hug him .
A fire has broken out at a school in West Yorkshire .
British and Irish Lions wing George North and centre Robbie Henshaw have been ruled out of the rest of the tour of New Zealand .
It is one of the world 's fastest growing industries , and one that could soon see people travelling into space .
Aston Villa have appointed Tom Fox as their new chief executive .
A 21-year-old woman from Bournemouth has been reported missing in Thailand .
Northern Ireland 's first children 's MRI scanner has been installed at the Royal Victoria Hospital in Belfast .
Abertay University in Dundee has been named the best university in the UK for its postgraduate courses in computer games development .
The remains of two soldiers who died during World War One have been reburied in Belgium .
Transformers: Age of Extinction has topped the US box office in its first weekend of release , despite a lacklustre Independence Day weekend .
Great Britain 's men began their Champions Trophy campaign with a 0-0 draw against Australia .
A British man is attempting to become the first person to swim across the Atlantic Ocean without a protective shark cage .
The bodies of two German climbers have been found on the Matterhorn mountain in the Swiss Alps , police say .
A diver has been rescued after getting into difficulty in the sea off the Argyll coast .
Millions of pounds worth of National Insurance -LRB- NI -RRB- credits could be unclaimed by relatives who care for children , a pensions expert has said .
Charlton Athletic manager Guy Luzon says he is focused on Saturday 's Championship game at home to Nottingham Forest .
A rare sea turtle which washed up on UK beaches has died at an aquarium .
Hackers who claim to have stolen Game of Thrones scripts say they have released more episodes of the fantasy drama .
The art world in Africa is booming , with galleries popping up all over the continent .
An eight-year-old boy with cerebral palsy has been named Yorkshire 's Young Citizen of the Year at the Yorkshire Awards .
Four French resistance fighters have been inducted into the Pantheon mausoleum in Paris .
A woman has admitted kidnapping a three-week-old baby from his home in Shropshire .
Up to a quarter of the UK 's free-to-use cash machines could be at risk if a dispute between banks and the network that runs them goes ahead , it has been claimed .
Homeowners who lost part of their house when a river wall collapsed say they have been left out of pocket by their insurers .
Australian cricketer Phil Hughes has died at the age of 25 .
Bay TV , a 24-hour local TV station in Merseyside , has been put up for sale .
The One Show presenter Alex Jones hopes her baby son will one day be able to speak Welsh .
Thousands of students have been caught cheating in school examinations in the eastern Indian state of Bihar .
A series of revelations about the huge salaries being paid to some of Iran 's top officials has sparked fury in the country .
The US justice department has announced new rules that require a search warrant before police can use technology to track mobile phones .
Singer-songwriter Lala Njava is from the Democratic Republic of Congo .
As Brazil prepares to host the World Cup , the BBC 's Paulo Duarte looks at the life of Rodrigo Kelton , who was shot dead on his 14th birthday .
EU nationals should be allowed to stay in London after Brexit , the London Chamber of Commerce and Industry has said .
Andriy Yarmolenko and Evgen Seleznyov scored as Ukraine beat Slovenia in the first leg of their Euro 2016 play-off .
A truck bomb has exploded in a market in a district of the Iraqi capital , Baghdad , killing at least 25 people and wounding dozens more .
Scientists believe they have found a way to stop breast cancers spreading to the bone .
Phil Taylor will face Peter Wright in the semi-finals of the Premier League .
Police in England and Wales have been given new guidelines on how to deal with domestic abuse .
Chipotle Mexican Grill has been linked to an outbreak of E. coli in several US states , health officials have said .
A payday lender who preyed on vulnerable people has been given a suspended jail sentence .
In the centre of Latvia 's capital , Riga , a procession is taking place .
US special forces are to be sent to Iraq to assist local forces fighting Islamic State militants , US Defence Secretary Ash Carter has said .
The US has agreed a deal to sell military aircraft to Nigeria , months after it was reportedly halted over human rights concerns .
A murder inquiry has been launched after the death of a 23-year-old man in Larkhall , North Lanarkshire .
A specialist search team is looking for a vulnerable woman who has been missing for more than a month .
A nurse has been found guilty of attempting to murder her mother by injecting her with a lethal dose of insulin .
A British start-up has developed a 3D-printed prosthetic hand .
The UK 's inflation rate turned positive for the first time in a year in May , helped by a rise in the prices of food and fuel .
The 2022 World Cup in Qatar will be played in November and December , a Fifa taskforce has recommended .
Campaigners have called for a public inquiry into plans to build holiday lodges at Warwick Castle .
A man who was caught with herbal cannabis with an estimated street value of # 100,000 has been jailed for eight months .
The number of little terns nesting in the UK has halved in two years , according to the RSPB .
Students at Queen 's University in Belfast have begun a sit-in protest over the university 's investments in fossil fuels .
A statue of cricket legend Dickie Bird has been raised after it became a target for pranksters .
Singer-songwriter Joni Mitchell is making  remarkable progress '' after suffering a stroke , her lawyer has said .
Three men , including a convicted rapist , have absconded from a prison .
Two 12-year-old girls have denied stabbing a classmate to please the fictional horror character Slender Man .
Defender Stephen Baxter has been released by Sheffield United .
Ian Ritchie says Dylan Hartley 's ban for biting Northampton Saints team-mate Calum Clark will not prevent him becoming England captain .
Sarah Palin 's endorsement of Donald Trump is a coup for the businessman and reality television star .
Safety measures at the UK 's largest naval dockyard have been extended for a second time .
The cost of weddings and funerals in the Church of England is to rise by up to 40% .
It looks like a pixelated version of New York 's Twin Towers .
A conman who conned his way out of prison by posing as a court officer has admitted a string of frauds .
First Minister Carwyn Jones has said he never called for a veto over any Brexit deal .
Health Secretary Jeremy Hunt has offered junior doctors ' leaders the chance to meet this week to try to resolve a dispute that could lead to industrial action .
Shrewsbury Town have signed former MK Dons striker Luke Barnett on a two-year deal .
If youve ever been to a Disney event , youll know theyre always on the lookout for new ways to tell stories .
Charlotte Dujardin and Carl Brash are among the British riders competing at the FEI World Cup at the Olympia in London this week .
The number of energy customers switching supplier has reached a record high , according to new figures .
The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge have arrived in the remote Himalayan kingdom of Bhutan .
Labour voters are  fundamentally disagreeing '' on whether the UK should remain in the European Union , MP John Mann has said .
A 12-year-old girl is in a critical condition in hospital after being struck by a car in Dundee .
Funding for Hull 's year as UK City of Culture in 2017 has been announced .
Retired footballer Abby Wambach tried cocaine at the age of 25 , according to court documents .
Welsh Liberal Democrat leader Kirsty Williams has defended her party 's pledge to scrap tuition fees in Wales .
The partner of a man missing since the collapse of Didcot A Power Station has said she believes he is still alive .
Transport for London -LRB- TfL -RRB- is to freeze bus , tram and rail fares until 2020 , Mayor Sadiq Khan has announced .
Portugal reached the Confederations Cup semi-finals as Group A winners after drawing 1-1 with Australia .
The deaths of an elderly couple in Ballycastle , County Antrim , are being treated as  unexplained '' by police .
Spanish banker Ignacio Echeverra , who died in Saturday 's terror attack in London , is to be awarded the country 's highest honour .
At least 29 people have been killed in a knife attack at a railway station in the southern Chinese city of Kunming , state media say .
There 's no way Donald Trump can win the US presidency .
A memorial plaque has been unveiled for a Scottish general who served at a Nazi concentration camp during World War Two .
A boat that crashed on the Isle of Wight during a test run had no safety equipment , a report has said .
A rail company has been banned from operating trains on the mainline network .
Lewis Hamilton took pole position for the Belgian Grand Prix to equal Michael Schumacher 's record of 68 poles .
Syria has submitted its declaration of its chemical weapons programme to the international chemical weapons watchdog .
When acid was thrown in the face of Pakistani human rights activist Malala Yousafzai , it changed her life .
A council is planning to set up a temporary night shelter for rough sleepers .
Manchester City moved to the top of Women 's Super League One with victory at Birmingham City .
A new bike hire scheme has been announced for Leicester .
The environmental benefits of organic farming could outweigh its drawbacks , according to a new study .
The owners of a pub which was threatened with closure have agreed to sell it to a community group .
Pakistan coach Waqar Younis says he has  no doubts '' about his team 's integrity despite reports of a match-fixing investigation by the International Cricket Council .
The prime minister 's decision to call a general election does not mean that the European Union is going to change its position on Brexit .
The first day of the Glastonbury Festival has been hit by bad weather .
Port Vale beat West Bromwich Albion on penalties to reach the second round of the FA Cup .
The chief executive of Rugby Football League -LRB- RL -RRB- says the sport needs a strong presence in London .
An investigation into the downing of a Russian warplane by Turkey on the Syrian border has begun .
The UK economy is  turning a corner '' , Chancellor George Osborne has said in a speech in London .
Actor Ross Kemp is to return to EastEnders to reprise his role as Grant Mitchell , following the death of Dame Barbara Windsor 's Peggy Mitchell .
Ronnie O 'Sullivan lost 4-3 to Michael Holt in the first round of the Welsh Open in Llandudno .
Work to stabilise rock on a stretch of the A890 at Drumnadrochit is set to continue , Highland Council has said .
Oldham Athletic have sacked midfielder Cristian Montano following his arrest on suspicion of match-fixing .
Margaret Thatcher was the longest-serving prime minister in British history .
A record number of UK workers are saving into a workplace pension .
It 's a celebration of music from around the world .
A postman has apologised to a customer after a parcel fell down the toilet .
Sweden 's longest-running trial of six-hour working days has come to an end .
A cafe sign in the town where April Jones was abducted and murdered has been criticised for being  shocking '' .
Scientists have discovered that angry faces make horses ' heart rates faster .
David Beckham has paid a surprise visit to the doctor who saved the lives of 16 people in a rollercoaster crash .
Defending champion Vincenzo Nibali won stage 16 of the Giro d'Italia after race leader Tom Dumoulin abandoned because of illness .
Britain 's Heather Watson and Naomi Broady both lost in the first round of the Aegon Classic in Birmingham .
The number of people visiting town centres in the Scottish Borders has increased , according to new figures .
The remains of Seamus Wright and Kevin McKee , two of the so-called Disappeared , have been formally identified .
A decision by the Crown Prosecution Service -LRB- CPS -RRB- to drop a rape case against a 15-year-old girl has been criticised .
A petition calling for the removal of a judge who sentenced a former Stanford University student for sexual assault has gathered more than 100,000 signatures .
England midfielder James Milner has retired from international football .
Scunthorpe United have signed Hull City goalkeeper Ben Watson on a one-month loan deal .
Director Joss Whedon has revealed the name of the new villain in Marvel 's Avengers Assemble at the Comic-Con convention in San Diego .
The UK government has warned its citizens against travelling to North Carolina and Mississippi because of laws that critics say discriminate against lesbian , gay , bisexual and transgender people .
Manager Paul Clement says Swansea City 's players have to believe they can escape relegation from the Premier League .
An endangered bird has been photographed with a plastic bag in its mouth .
Leeds United chairman Steve Raynor says owner Massimo Cellino is  positive '' despite a series of protests at Elland Road .
Plans to ensure all children in Wales are taught in Welsh by the age of seven have been announced .
If you 're travelling by air , you 'll know it can be a stressful experience .
South Sydney Rabbitohs forward Joe Burgess has taken part in a trial with the San Francisco Giants .
A man has died after falling ill at a house in south-west London .
The body of a British man killed fighting against Islamic State -LRB- IS -RRB- militants has been handed over to his family in Syria .
Meet former rally champion David and his shooting star son , Ben .
Plans to give English and Welsh MPs the right to vote on English laws should not be brought into disrepute , a Welsh MP has said .
Engineers have built a tentacle that could be used in surgery .
The boss of Belfast International Airport has written to Enda Kenny urging him to do more to attract tourists to Northern Ireland .
The father of US intelligence leaker Edward Snowden has arrived in Russia for talks with his son 's lawyer .
A riot at a prison in Wiltshire has left two wings  destroyed '' , a union has said .
Syrian government forces say they have carried out a chemical attack on rebel-held eastern Aleppo .
Last winter 's floods were the most extreme on record in the UK , a review has found .
Jordan Stewart 's late goal gave Linfield a 1-0 win over La Fiorita in the first leg of their Europa League first qualifying round tie in San Marino .
The final boat built in Bristol has left the city for the last time .
Work has begun on a new library and community space in Llandudno .
Scientists have reconstructed the fossilised face of a new type of mollusc called Calvapilosa .
Chancellor of the Exchequer, George Osborne , had to make some tough decisions in his first Budget .
MSPs have announced an inquiry into the safety of high-rise flats following the Grenfell Tower fire in London .
US actress Shirley Temple , known as the  Little Miss Miracle '' , has died at the age of 85 .
A group of musicians in South Sudan are calling on the country 's warring factions to  forgive each other '' .
Poland has banned a controversial Russian biker group from entering the country .
Ronnie O'Sullivan beat Jimmy White to reach the quarter-finals of the Scottish Open in Glasgow , while John Higgins also progressed .
Mental health providers in England say they are  struggling to see the difference '' in funding for children 's mental health .
Greenhouse gas emissions have continued to fall in Scotland , according to official figures .
The leader of Morocco 's main opposition party has accused the government of manipulating the referendum on a new constitution .
ennett became the first player to hit four home runs in a game since 2012 as the Cincinnati Reds beat the Pittsburgh Pirates .
A woman has been found guilty of having a pipe bomb in a flat in Dumfries .
Brentford manager Mark Warburton has left the club by mutual consent .
Prehistoric footprints have been discovered on a Ceredigion beach .
Brazilian President Dilma Rousseff has marked the start of the Olympic torch relay in the capital , Brasilia .
Four men have been rescued after their fishing boat got into difficulties off the coast of Argyll .
Thousands of people have gathered in Singapore for a popular annual event , amid a row over the timing of the event .
A gang of men have been convicted over a series of raids on museums and an auction house .
A Ceredigion nursery has sent a letter to parents saying it has been targeted by an intruder .
Trading standards in the UK are  as weak as its weakest link '' , according to experts .
The UN mission in charge of fighting the Ebola outbreak in West Africa says it is closing its headquarters in Ghana 's capital , Accra .
Australian rugby league star Karmichael Hunt has been charged with drug trafficking .
The press in Egypt is divided over the country 's new constitution .
The brother of a man shot dead on Bloody Sunday has criticised a planned march by former soldiers in Londonderry .
A Russian diplomat has been found dead in his apartment in the Greek capital , Athens .
The health of children 's teeth in Wales is lagging behind the rest of the UK , according to the latest official figures .
The world 's fastest electric car has been built by students in Switzerland .
Liverpool City Council has backed a campaign to ban The Sun from selling in the city .
Dozens of people are reported to have been killed in a gas explosion in south-eastern Nigeria .
Average speed cameras are to be introduced on some of Scotland 's busiest motorways as part of major road improvements .
Dundee United have signed Southampton goalkeeper Harry Lewis for an undisclosed fee .
The search is continuing for two French climbers who went missing on one of Europe 's highest mountains .
Rock band U2 have paid tribute to Dennis Sheehan , their tour manager , who died on Wednesday .
China has accused the US of  militarisation '' of disputed islands in the South China Sea .
Three hospitals in the US have been hit by ransomware , which encrypts files and demands a ransom to unlock them .
Skyscanner has reported a sharp rise in revenues and profits .
The government 's plans to ban so-called legal highs have been heavily criticised by the expert panel set up to examine the issue .
Thailand 's former Prime Minister Yingluck Shinawatra has been charged with negligence over a controversial rice subsidy scheme .
For the second season running , the Scottish Premiership was dominated by a single club .
The world 's largest ferry has been withdrawn from the Stornoway-Ullapool route after an engine room fan fault .
Nicklas Bendtner suffered a suspected broken leg as Nottingham Forest beat Birmingham City in the Championship .
It 's one of the world 's biggest feuds , and now Katy Perry has spoken out in support of Taylor Swift .
Cornwall won the County Championship for a fourth time as they beat Lancashire at Twickenham .
Chelsea moved back to the top of the Premier League with a 4-0 thrashing of Arsenal at Stamford Bridge .
An exhibition celebrating the achievements of the Windrush generation has opened at Nottingham Carnival .
Google is rolling out a new system for verifying people are real .
A couple from Derbyshire have won the European Wife Carrying Championships .
Children should be able to pay for their school meals using their fingerprints , an AM has said .
The number of people waiting up to a year for an urgent consultant-led appointment for heart surgery in the South Eastern Trust area has risen to 456 , according to new figures .
Britain 's Liam Cassells and James Scrimgeour retained their lightweight double sculls title at the World Rowing Championships in Rotterdam .
Nineteen West Midlands Police staff have been found to have a case to answer for misconduct after a woman was murdered by her ex-partner .
The Mexican actor Ruben Aguirre has died at the age of 74 .
South Africa coach Ephraim 'Shakes ' Mashaba says the team must take responsibility for their poor form in Africa Cup of Nations qualifying .
A look at some of the US citizens who have been detained in North Korea .
An anonymous donor has paid for the life-saving treatment of a six-year-old boy with leukaemia , his mother has said .
London 's Tower Bridge is to close to traffic for three months for  essential maintenance '' .
Flight bookings systems used by airlines and travel agents are vulnerable to attack , say researchers .
A Catholic priest from the Republic of Ireland has been declared a saint by the Pope .
Edinburgh Zoo believes its female giant panda Tian Tian is pregnant .
The Great Manchester Run will go ahead as planned on Sunday , despite the terror attack at the Manchester Arena .
MSPs have been urged to get a  decent cup of coffee '' in committee meetings at the Scottish Parliament .
Defending champion Stuart Bingham was knocked out of the UK Championship by Joe Perry in the last 16 .
Taliban leader Mullah Akhtar Mansour has been killed in a US drone strike , Afghan officials say .
A Florida mother who was found not guilty of murdering her two-year-old daughter has spoken out for the first time since her acquittal .
Sarah Taylor has been left out of England 's squad for the first two matches of the Women 's Super League in India .
A group of children have been singing on a bus in London .
A campaign has been launched to save a 100-year-old swimming baths in Reading from closure .
At least 18 people have been killed after a tour bus collided with a lorry and burst into flames on a motorway in southern Germany .
naghel has become the latest high-profile cyclist to criticise British Cycling .
The sentencing of a man who murdered his former lover is to be filmed live on Twitter .
Former Germany midfielder Thomas Hitzlsperger has revealed he is gay .
Police in the eastern Indian state of West Bengal have arrested a man wanted in connection with the rape of an elderly nun in March .
If it had been a football crowd , there would have been vendors of hot pies .
A woman accused of defrauding an 87-year-old woman out of her life savings has been accused of being a  liar '' .
The House of Lords European Union Committee has released a report that looks at the risks and opportunities for the UK 's fishing industry .
In Northern Ireland , 2013 was a year of extremes .
A mechanic who was filmed swearing at a customer 's car has been sacked .
A British naval ship has arrived in the southern part of the search zone for the missing Malaysia Airlines plane , after a Chinese vessel detected two underwater signals .
Mame Biram Diouf 's late equaliser earned Stoke City a point at Premier League leaders Chelsea .
Wasps moved to the top of the Premiership with a bonus-point win over Sale at the Ricoh Arena .
League Two side Wycombe Wanderers have signed Leyton Orient 's Sam Kashket and Southampton defender Michael Gape on loan .
Many Clouds , the 2015 Grand National winner , died after suffering a rare haemorrhage , an investigation has found .
A plane was forced to make an emergency landing after it was struck by lightning .
A Dorset GP surgery that was rated  inadequate '' has improved , the health watchdog has said .
It 's a long way to go , but it 's home .
An inquiry is to be held into the controversial payments made to Scotland 's returning officers .
A group of travellers have moved into a field close to the former Dale Farm site in Essex .
A major fire has broken out at a derelict building in the centre of Glasgow .
Colin Fleming says anyone found guilty of match-fixing should be banned from the sport .
Plans to build a new railway station in a Lancashire town have been approved .
The Chancellor of the Exchequer , George Osborne , is back in the Commons .
Spain 's Inditex , the owner of chains including Zara , Massimo Dutti and Pull&Bear , has reported a rise in profits and sales .
A number of vehicles have been involved in a crash on the M74 in Dumfries and Galloway .
In 2003 the Daily Telegraph ran an article about Bruno Mars ' battle with depression .
Former Nigeria captain and coach Sunday Oliseh says he is pleased with the progress his club Fortuna Sittard have made since he took charge .
Holders Wigan Warriors will face Warrington Wolves in the quarter-finals of the Challenge Cup .
Kenya 's President Uhuru Kenyatta has called for an end to the country 's dependence on foreign aid .
Passports are being scanned at UK airports and ferry terminals as part of new exit checks .
Leeds United manager Stuart McCall says he is  distraught '' after Millwall fans invaded the pitch following Saturday 's League One play-off final .
A man has become the first person to swim the length of the River Mersey .
Adama Diomande scored twice as Hull City came from behind to beat League Two Exeter City in the EFL Cup second round .
French Prime Minister Manuel Valls has announced a new aid package for young people in a bid to end weeks of protests against his labour reforms .
South African scrum-half Ruan van Rooyen says his Southern Kings team-mates would prefer to play in the Pro12 .
Prime Minister David Cameron has suggested that Sir Jimmy Savile 's knighthood could be removed .
A Stranraer schoolgirl who has a rare genetic condition is fighting to get a life-extending drug available on the NHS .
Eight-time Olympic champion Usain Bolt qualified fastest for the men 's 100m semi-finals .
Mark McGhee has urged Scotland supporters to turn out in force for Sunday 's World Cup qualifier against Slovenia .
Jono Gibbes is to become Ulster 's new head coach from next season .
East Dunbartonshire Council has been criticised in a report by the public spending watchdog .
A father accused of killing his two-year-old son punched another child in the stomach , a court has heard .
Leyton Orient 's relegation fears deepened with a 3-0 defeat at Crawley .
The European Union has pledged  500m -LRB- # 350m -RRB- to a trust fund to help Africa tackle the migrant crisis .
Brechin City twice came from behind to earn a 2-2 draw with Livingston in the Scottish Championship .
Firefighters were called out after a woman became stuck in a tyre in Aberdeenshire .
A driver has been caught on camera parking his car on top of another in a car park in Aberdeen city centre .
Ministers from the world 's biggest economies have warned that a UK exit from the EU would be a  shock '' to the world economy .
Rory Boyle 's first-half strike was enough to give Derry City victory over Wexford Youths at Maginn Park .
An email address has been accessed in a cyber attack on the City of Edinburgh Council 's website .
Hull KR came from behind to draw with Championship side Halifax in the Qualifiers .
At least 13 people have been killed and more than 120 injured after a van ploughed into pedestrians in the historic Las Ramblas district of Barcelona .
For more than 150 years Govan has been the centre of shipbuilding in Scotland .
The leader of the Baloch separatist movement in Pakistan 's Balochistan province has said he is prepared to hold peace talks .
Scientists have built a robot to help them answer one of the big questions about the giant dinosaurs of the Jurassic period .
A Scottish sea salt producer has signed a deal with a supermarket chain to sell its product .
Paralympian David Smith is used to overcoming adversity , having been born with both feet facing backwards , and had bones repeatedly broken and reset to correct the problem as a child .
Two women have been rescued by the coastguard after getting into difficulty while walking on the Isle of Lewis .
The bodies of two men who died in a fire at a factory were recovered after staff tried to rescue them , an inquest has heard .
A gang that stole more than # 1m worth of copper from railway lines has been jailed .
Bournemouth manager Eddie Howe says his side 's recent poor form is not down to a lack of confidence .
A German court has ordered two VW suppliers to resume deliveries , but the carmaker says it has not yet met their obligations .
Australian Prime Minister Tony Abbott has denied that the president of the Human Rights Commission -LRB- HRC -RRB- was asked to resign .
Huddersfield Giants have signed Warrington Wolves winger Alex Ormsby on a two-year deal .
A rare Andy Warhol portrait of Chairman Mao is to be auctioned in Hong Kong .
An Indian doctor has been suspended from practising medicine in Australia after allegedly using a false identity to work as a junior doctor .
A 17-year-old boy has been charged with the murder of celebrity bodyguard Lee Hayden in east London .
Match reports from Saturday 's Scottish Premiership and Championship games .
The mother of a man accused of stabbing a motorist to death in a road rage attack has told a court her son was never given a proper diagnosis .
Experts investigating the Giza pyramids in Egypt have found a series of anomalies , officials say .
Norwich City have signed Tottenham Hotspur striker Alex Pritchard for an undisclosed fee and Portsmouth goalkeeper Nathan Jones on a free transfer .
World champion Justin Gatlin won the 100m at the Diamond League meeting in Brussels with a time of 9.98 .
Sunderland winger Adnan Januzaj has been ruled out for six to eight weeks with an ankle injury .
A collision between Earth and a planet like Mercury could explain the abundance of carbon in the planet 's mantle , a study suggests .
Matt Parkin scored twice as Forest Green Rovers came from behind to beat Tranmere Rovers in the National League .
When it comes to winning a Nobel Prize in science , only a handful of men have been awarded the prestigious award .
The cost of renting a home in London is  unaffordable '' for many families , according to a report by housing charity Shelter .
The former governor of the northern Mexican state of Tamaulipas , Tomas Yarrington , has been arrested , officials say .
A gull has died after being shot in the head with an airgun in Dumfries .
Russian President Vladimir Putin is to meet German Chancellor Angela Merkel for the first time .
Aberdeen manager Derek McInnes says he is  fully focused '' on his job at Pittodrie .
Cardiff City manager Neil Warnock says defender Jazz Richards ' injury problems have been  difficult '' .
Saracens director of rugby Mark McCall says his side are capable of further improvement after reaching the European Champions Cup final .
The UK 's vote to leave the European Union is a significant moment in the country 's history , but it is also a moment of great uncertainty .
Debut writer KJ Orr has won the BBC National Short Story Award for her story Disappearances .
Ross County have signed Aberdeen midfielder Stephen Quinn on loan until the end of the season .
Ikea has issued a global recall of a beach chair after reports of users being injured by it .
Teenagers who are obese are more likely to develop bowel cancer later in life , a study suggests .
Hibernian manager Neil Lennon expects the majority of his squad to stay at the club next season .
A ceremony has been held to mark the 70th anniversary of a plane crash which claimed the lives of 11 people .
A # 1bn science and technology hub in Newcastle has been officially opened .
Radon gas has been found in almost every home tested in the Channel Islands .
Police have issued a warning after two women in south west Scotland were conned out of thousands of pounds .
A fire at a derelict mansion house in Aberdeenshire is being treated as suspicious .
In Sudan 's capital , Khartoum , poetry has been banned .
Australian politician Bob Katter has defended his controversial election campaign video .
Antibiotics are becoming less effective at treating patients with sepsis , a leading doctor says .
The Winter Olympics are taking place in Pyeongchang , South Korea .
One of the world 's most important bibles has been saved after a # 1m fundraising campaign .
A man arrested on suspicion of the murder of a woman in the New Forest has been released on bail .
Cuba has condemned US President Donald Trump 's new policy towards the island .
Nico Rosberg beat Mercedes team-mate Lewis Hamilton to victory in the Singapore Grand Prix .
As Scotland prepares for a second referendum on independence , the BBC 's Alasdair Allan looks at the growing sense of Scottish pride .
The government 's plan to increase the number of Army reservists has failed to meet its targets , it has emerged .
Five people , including four children , have been injured in a two-car crash in North Yorkshire .
MSPs have criticised the finance secretary for refusing to hand over planning information ahead of the Scottish government 's first budget .
Worcestershire have re-signed New Zealand all-rounder Mitchell Santner for the 2017 T20 Blast campaign .
Scotland manager Gordon Strachan says Scott Brown has been a  big part '' of his career .
The Obama administration is drafting a plan to close the US military prison at Guantanamo Bay , the White House has said .
A jet-powered unmanned aircraft has taken to the skies for the first time .
Parents who paid for their children to attend a holiday camp have been told they will be refunded .
A dog that sparked a global campaign to save it from being put down has been returned to its owners .
An MP 's aide has appeared in court charged with rape .
The UK 's broadband speeds are  mediocre '' , according to the Institute of Directors -LRB- IoD -RRB- .
More than 400 pilot whales are stranded on a beach in New Zealand .
The International Olympic Committee -LRB- IOC -RRB- is willing to discuss the possibility of North and South Korea co-hosting the 2018 Winter Olympics .
Swiss banking giant UBS has been placed under official investigation in France over alleged tax evasion .
British astronaut Tim Peake has been answering questions from primary school children in a live webcast .
Three US marines are still missing after a military aircraft crashed into the sea off Australia , the US military says .
Livingston extended their lead at the top of Scottish League One to seven points with a 2-1 win over 10-man Dumbarton .
New traffic lights are to be installed at a busy junction following a rise in collisions , police have said .
The Scottish Professional Football League -LRB- SPFL -RRB- has recovered money paid into a fraudulent account .
Super League side Castleford Tigers have signed St George Illawarra Illawarra Dragons prop Sione Katoa on a two-year deal .
Bluebells in the Isle of Man are in danger of dying out because of an invasive plant .
Asda 's website was open to hackers for more than two years , it has emerged .
A man believed to be living in Colwyn Bay is being hunted by police after four cows were poisoned to death .
Sheffield 's Crucible Theatre and the Royal Shakespeare Company are among the nominees for this year 's Olivier Awards .
A baby pine marten has been captured on camera for the first time in mid Wales .
Four men have been arrested on suspicion of firearms offences after police stopped a car in north London .
Trading standards officers in Wales are warning young people not to buy Halloween contact lenses .
A man accused of murdering his ex-girlfriend told a court he saw her being attacked with a hammer .
A new library and community centre is to be officially opened in Cardiff .
China has criticised the arrest of more than 100 Chinese nationals in Zambia on suspicion of illegal mining .
Tullow Oil has reported a full-year loss of $ 1.8bn -LRB- # 1.2bn -RRB- .
A music shop run by indie band Pulled Apart By Horses has closed after four years .
More money is to be spent on protecting homes and businesses from flooding in Wales .
The Liberal Democrats have been accused of damaging an estate agency 's reputation by using its name in a general election campaign .
Robin McBryde will lead Wales on their 2017 summer tour .
Unpaid internships should be banned to improve social mobility , a group of MPs has said .
Keurig Green Mountain , the world 's biggest maker of single-serve coffee pods , has agreed to be bought by a private equity firm for $6.9bn -LRB- # 4.6bn -RRB- .
US Secretary of State Rex Tillerson has said he is disappointed by Qatar 's rejection of a list of demands made by its neighbours .
The Scottish government is to invest 20m in general practice over the next year .
Former world champion Mark Williams will begin his bid to qualify for the World Championship on Tuesday .
More than 200 people have been arrested during a protest against an oil pipeline in North Dakota , officials say .
Chelsea may appeal against the red card shown to captain John Terry in the FA Cup win over Peterborough , says manager Antonio Conte .
Marta Llorente usually goes to bed early .
Is a vote to leave the European Union -LRB- EU -RRB- bad for Northern Ireland ?
A man accused of being part of a car insurance fraud ring has told a court he was injured in a car crash .
A head teacher in Lincolnshire is offering his staff a 'duvet day ' to help recruit and retain staff .
The last flying Lancaster bomber has been forced to make an emergency landing .
Colchester United have signed former Watford goalkeeper Sean Gilmartin as first-team coach and released Dean Brill .
Polling stations have closed across the European Union for the election of MEPs .
Hull Kingston Rovers captain Jamie Peacock says Albert Kelly 's future at the club is  up in the air '' .
Opponents of gay marriage in California have asked the US Supreme Court to reinstate a ban on same-sex weddings .
New Hartlepool United manager Craig Hignett says he was taken by surprise by the quality of the players he has seen in training .
Russia has promised to look after a Polish journalist 's cat after he was ordered to leave the country .
Three-time world champion Mick Fanning has missed out on the World Surf League -LRB- WSL -RRB- title after his brother Peter died .
Hundreds of thousands of small businesses will be spared paying business rates , the chancellor has announced .
England footballer Adam Johnson had sex with a 15-year-old girl , a court has heard .
Reports of racist abuse at amateur football matches in Wales have been made to the BBC .
Prime Minister Theresa May has been urged to listen to the Welsh government as she prepares to trigger Brexit .
It 's a story for political process nerds , but it illustrates how Eurosceptic ministers , although in a clear minority in the cabinet , have been able to force Downing Street 's hand .
Uefa has rejected Jersey 's bid to join European football 's governing body .
A US politician has criticised Snoop Dogg for a music video in which he appears to shoot Donald Trump .
A man has appeared in court charged with causing death by dangerous driving after an 18-year-old was hit by a car in Bristol .
Rangers have signed midfielder Graham Dorrans from Norwich City for an undisclosed fee .
In a remote part of northern Colombia , a group of armed men stand guard outside a series of wooden huts .
Rihanna has teamed up with Sir Paul McCartney for a new song called Four Five Seconds .
Nato is carrying out its biggest ever anti-submarine exercise in the Baltic Sea .
Stephen Keshi has been reappointed as Nigeria coach for a second time .
Trainspotting author Irvine Welsh is in the running to win this year 's Scottish Book Awards .
The United Nations -LRB- UN -RRB- has awarded its first ever honorary title to Wonder Woman .
London Welsh have confirmed they have agreed a takeover by a US-based group .
Bournemouth goalkeeper Artur Boruc has announced his retirement from international football .
A man has been charged with manslaughter after a man died following an alleged assault in a pub .
The leader of the Orange Order in Northern Ireland has said his members are prepared to take to the streets .
A review of inquests into some of the most controversial killings of the Troubles has begun .
Paraguay 's President Horacio Cartes has announced he will run for re-election in 2018 .
Lee McCulloch has completed his move to Kilmarnock .
A couple say they have been left  completely penniless '' after a funeral company went out of business .
The home secretary has refused to say whether the Conservatives will commit to reducing net migration to the tens of thousands in their general election manifesto .
Wigan Warriors moved back to the top of Super League with a convincing win over Leeds Rhinos at Magic Weekend .
Media regulator Ofcom has invited bids for new local TV channels in 21 areas across the UK .
A nine-year-old boy who died after falling into a river in Perthshire has been named by police .
There is no evidence that plans for new grammar schools in England will improve educational standards for pupils on free school meals , say researchers .
The family of a toddler who died after suffering more than 100 injuries have paid tribute to him .
Two gay couples have lost their legal challenge to the ban on same-sex marriage in Northern Ireland .
Petra Kvitova beat Simona Halep in straight sets to reach the final of the Wuhan Open in China .
The Grammy Awards are one of the biggest awards in the music industry .
Bury have signed midfielder Nathan Brown on a one-year deal .
The Alliance Party has accused the Democratic Unionist Party -LRB- DUP -RRB- of being a  party of deceit '' .
In the aftermath of Hurricane Matthew , the people of Haiti are still struggling to come to terms with what has happened .
Watford have signed Colombia defender Juan Zuniga from Napoli for an undisclosed fee .
The government in Taiwan has banned civil servants from going to China to pursue higher education .
Joseph Parker retained his WBO heavyweight title with a unanimous points win over Razvan Cojanu .
Former Wales and Lions wing Shane Williams is to leave the Ospreys at the end of the season to play in Japan .
The first Boeing 787 Dreamliner has taken to the skies since the plane was grounded in January .
Spain 's Alberto Contador won the opening stage of the Criterium du Dauphine in a sprint finish ahead of Chris Froome .
A race at Yarmouth has been abandoned after the wrong horse was declared the winner .
A group of African musicians have recorded a song to condemn recent attacks on foreigners in South Africa .
A Greater Manchester biscuit maker has gone into administration , blaming the UK 's vote to leave the European Union .
The former treasurer of Spain 's governing Popular Party -LRB- PP -RRB- has been questioned by anti-corruption prosecutors .
Chris Wood and Souleymane Doukara scored second-half goals as Leeds United beat Burton Albion at Elland Road .
A group of technology giants has pledged $1bn -LRB- # 700m -RRB- to fund research into artificial intelligence .
A shortage of prison officers contributed to a  major incident '' at a jail last year , a report has said .
The world 's best gravy wrestlers have been battling it out in a  crazy '' competition .
French writer Michel Houellebecq has won the prestigious Goncourt Prize for literature for his novel The Map and the Territory .
Cristiano Ronaldo scored a hat-trick as Real Madrid beat Kashima Antlers 3-2 in extra time to win the Club World Cup .
The prime minister 's comments on school sport in England have been met with a mixed response .
An investigation into a fatal crash involving a Tesla driver 's car has found  no safety defect '' in the vehicle .
Defending champion Mark Selby eased into the second round of the World Championship with a 10-1 win over qualifier Barry O'Brien .
A protected bird of prey has been shot dead in Bedfordshire , the RSPB has said .
Thirteen people have been charged in connection with an investigation into human trafficking .
US Vice-President Joe Biden has told Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau that the US needs him  very badly '' .
Do you ever feel like your identity is being stolen ?
The Ebola outbreak in West Africa is spiralling out of control .
Is Amazon , the world 's biggest online retailer , paying no tax in the UK ?
A former captain of a container ship has been found guilty of being drunk while in charge of the vessel .
A man accused of murdering his ex-girlfriend whispered in a friend 's ear  she 'll pay for what she 's done '' , a court has heard .
Two two-year-old boys in the US state of West Virginia have taken their mother 's car and crashed it .
Rolling Stones frontman Sir Mick Jagger has paid tribute to his partner L'Wren Scott .
Bournemouth captain Tommy Elphick could be out for up to 10 weeks after undergoing ankle surgery .
Gateshead and Guiseley played out a 1-1 draw at Gateshead International Stadium .
Opponents of US proposals to curb net neutrality appear to be using bots to post comments on the government 's website .
A giant flower at Edinburgh 's Botanic Garden is expected to bloom .
Plans to build the UK 's first new nuclear power plant in 20 years have been put on hold after the government launched a review .
A public vote is under way to choose the UK 's official bird .
Jack Marriott scored a hat-trick as Peterborough thumped Bristol Rovers at the Memorial Stadium .
Cynthia 's eyes welled with tears as she spoke .
Spanish police have broken up a Chinese human trafficking ring .
New Glentoran chairman Roy Haveron has urged his players to show pride and belief when they host Premiership leaders Linfield on Saturday .
When Jordan Spieth was 12 years old , his father offered him a pair of clubs for free .
What do you make of Lance Armstrong 's confession that he used performance-enhancing drugs during his seven Tour de France victories ?
The US state of California has declared a state of emergency in two counties hit by wildfires .
High Street retailer Next has been ordered by the Court of Appeal to pay # 100m in back taxes .
Thousands of people have attended the Twelfth of July parade in Rossnowlagh , County Donegal .
Kidderminster Harriers ' National League play-off hopes suffered a blow as they lost 3-2 at Torquay United .
Repairs to a flood-damaged bridge will take longer than expected , councillors have agreed .
A seal has been rescued after becoming tangled in a large net on a beach in Aberdeenshire .
Two mental health wards in Cardiff have been closed due to an outbreak of flu .
Can you run a company without a chief executive ?
A man has been arrested after a number of vehicles were set on fire in Wiltshire .
This year marks the centenary of Arthur Miller 's birth , and the playwright 's work is being celebrated across the UK .
Edgardo Bauza has been sacked as Argentina coach after his side 's poor World Cup qualifying form .
Birmingham City midfielder Lee Caddis has held talks with the club about his future .
Saudi Arabia 's ambassador to the US has backed Apple 's refusal to help the FBI unlock an iPhone used by one of the San Bernardino killers .
The government has lost a second legal challenge over air pollution .
A hovercraft service could run between the Isle of Wight and Portsmouth , according to Hovertravel .
Nasa 's Curiosity rover has been taking pictures of rocks on the surface of Mars .
Europe 's vice-captain Paul Lawrie says Rory McIlroy 's return to form is a huge boost ahead of this week 's Ryder Cup at Medinah .
A bar in County Londonderry has been ordered to close after a man died following a night out .
The opening of two new RSPB nature reserves in Cambridgeshire has been delayed because of flooding .
A classic car festival has been cancelled due to a lack of funding , organisers have said .
Christmas fatbergs in London 's sewers are the worst of the year , a water company has warned .
Batsman Luke Wells has signed a new two-year contract with Derbyshire .
All images are copyrighted and may not be used without permission .
Defending champion Judd Trump will face Stuart Bingham in the final of the World Grand Prix in Preston on Sunday .
Even the Labour Party do not want to remain in the EU 's single market , Welsh Secretary Alun Cairns has said .
Another US city is being rocked by protests over police shootings .
Toyota has raised its profit forecast on the back of a weaker yen and plans to tie up with smaller rival Suzuki .
-LRB- Close -RRB- : US markets closed higher , with technology and retail stocks leading the way .
A row has broken out over plans for a 4,000-home garden village in Surrey .
The Police Service of Northern Ireland -LRB- PSNI -RRB- has said it has completed an investigation into claims made by former soldiers about their activities during the Troubles .
Saif al-Arab Gaddafi was a senior military commander and propagandist .
All pictures are copyrighted..Continued below ..
Singapore 's government and consumer groups have urged retailers to stop buying products from firms suspected of contributing to the haze .
An associate of radical preacher Anjem Choudary has been jailed for four years for attacking a boy and girl who were hugging .
All photographs by Joseph Fox , courtesy of the Museum of London .
It 's anti-bullying week and we wanted to know what kids think about it .
The International Paralympic Committee -LRB- IPC -RRB- says it is investigating reports that Algeria 's goalball team has refused to play two matches at the Rio Paralympics .
A new website allowing people to submit petitions to Parliament has been launched .
Uefa has criticised the World Anti-Doping Agency -LRB- Wada -RRB- for its handling of Liverpool defender Mamadou Sakho 's failed drugs test .
Girls in the UK are less physically active than boys , a study suggests .
Do you feel like you are missing out on something ?
Steve Backshall and Ola Jordan have spoken out for the first time about bullying claims made against them on Strictly Come Dancing .
Manchester United midfielder Bastian Schweinsteiger has been banned for three matches for violent conduct .
Plans for a safari park , water park and hotel have been approved .
The mother of a teenager who disappeared nine years ago has made a fresh appeal for information about a car seen in the area .
A modelling agency has been accused of sexism after it advertised a job for a woman with  brown long hair with b-c cup '' .
One in five rail passengers may be paying too much or too little for their journey , according to the rail regulator .
Eleven members of a religious cult have gone on trial in China accused of beating a woman to death in a McDonald 's restaurant .
Two German men have been sentenced to six months in jail in Singapore for vandalising a train .
Mansfield Town have signed Crewe Alexandra striker Michael Oliver on loan until the end of the season .
Aberdeen saw the biggest fall in commercial property investment in Scotland last year , according to a new report .
Brecon Barracks is to close in 2018 , the Ministry of Defence has announced .
Highland Council has said it is investigating complaints about people urinating and defecating on Skye .
The last thing Britain needs is a second election before Christmas , Liberal Democrat leader Nick Clegg has warned .
Hibernian manager Neil Lennon was full of praise for his players after they secured promotion to the Scottish Premiership .
Labour leadership candidate Jeremy Corbyn has won the backing of the largest union , Unison .
Meet the team behind the world 's first electric bus .
The row over university funding has rumbled on for months .
Alex Schalk 's injury-time winner saw Ross County beat Hibernian to win the Scottish League Cup .
Two passenger planes have collided in mid-air at an airport in Detroit , Michigan .
Sir Steve Redgrave and Chris Hoy will be part of the BBC 's coverage of the Rio 2016 Olympic and Paralympic Games .
In the late 1960s and early 1970s , Harold Daniels was one of the most successful magicians of his generation .
Alex Salmond was a man of many talents .
League Two side Cambridge United will host Manchester United in the fourth round of the League Cup .
Great Britain 's men beat the Netherlands 3-0 in their second match at the EuroHockey Championships in Berlin .
Prosecutors have rested their case in the trial of the man accused of carrying out the Boston Marathon bombings .
Russia says it has carried out air strikes on so-called Islamic State -LRB- IS -RRB- targets near the ancient Syrian city of Palmyra .
A fifth UKIP councillor has defected from his local authority .
Norwich City midfielder Alex Tettey says his match-winning goal against Southampton was inspired by Manchester City 's Yaya Toure .
A 20-year-old woman has been shot dead in a road rage incident in the US state of Oklahoma .
Fester the dachshund has found a new home after an appeal to find him a new owner .
A food truck serving food to the public to help ex-offenders turn their lives around has been launched .
Star Wars actor John Boyega has donated his time to a theatre in south-east London .
A Native American tribe in the US state of South Dakota is planning to open a marijuana resort .
The Northern Ireland Assembly has met for the first time since the general election .
A man who spent 22 years on death row in the US has written a book about his life , because he believes bad things happened to him around the 13th date .
Plans to redevelop the Memorial Stadium in Bristol have been given the go-ahead .
The UK Independence Party -LRB- UKIP -RRB- says its national executive committee has rejected Nigel Farage 's resignation .
Great Britain 's men lost their final warm-up game before qualifying for EuroBasket 2012 to the Netherlands at the Copper Box in London .
Glamorgan chief executive Hugh Morris says he is  proud '' to have hosted three full houses for England matches in 19 days .
Milos Raonic beat Roger Federer 6-4 6-4 to win the Brisbane International for the first time .
Jeremy Corbyn is on course to win the Labour leadership contest , a poll suggests .
Two men have been arrested after a man died following a hit-and-run in Barnsley .
A council which warned two years ago it was on the brink of bankruptcy '' has said it will have to make more cuts .
Derry manager Damian Barton has revealed that Brendan Rogers was  horrified '' by the incident that left him needing stitches in his lip during the McKenna Cup final .
A man jailed for filming himself having sex with a 15-year-old girl has won an appeal against his conviction .
An animal centre in Carmarthenshire has rescued bearded dragons .
The Great Britain wheelchair basketball team are back in training , and they 're having a ball .
A paraglider narrowly avoided a mid-air collision with a military transport plane , a report has found .
A man has had his car stolen during an armed robbery in County Antrim .
A campaign has been launched to improve traffic flow around Stonehenge .
Colum Eastwood has announced he is to challenge the SDLP leader , Alasdair McDonnell .
MSPs have launched an inquiry into the gender pay gap in Scotland .
Widnes Vikings moved off the bottom of the Super League table with a hard-fought win over St Helens .
Banks in India are using indelible ink to stop people from exchanging their banned high-value banknotes .
A disabled man has been seriously assaulted during a robbery at his home in Edinburgh .
Labour and Plaid Cymru have said they are confident they can reach an agreement to form a new Welsh government .
The owners of an animal park in Ceredigion have been fined for selling protected animals without a licence .
Uncapped trio James Chester , Paul Dummett and Mitch Matthews have been recalled to the Wales squad for the Euro 2016 qualifier against Belgium on 5 June .
Many of us struggle with anxiety , depression or panic attacks .
An investigation into a Labour MP 's claims about the death of her husband has upheld most of her allegations , BBC Wales has learned .
More needs to be done to tackle alcohol abuse in Wales , a report has said .
Sir Elton John has been diagnosed with an abscess in his appendix .
England 's Nick Simpson lost to Egypt 's Nour El Sherbini in the second round of the World Squash Championship in Egypt .
A plane had to make an emergency landing because of a series of technical problems , a report has said .
New Nottingham Forest manager Philippe Montanier says the League Cup is  the only way '' for the club to return to European competition .
Japanese legend Kazuyoshi Miura has signed a one-year contract extension with his club Shonan Bellmare .
The prime minister of Lesotho has accused the army of staging a coup after troops seized control of the country .
Contractual issues at London Gatwick Airport are set to hit full-year profits , logistics firm Menzies has warned .
Some UK universities are considering opening branches in other European countries as they brace themselves for Brexit .
Sale Sharks director of rugby Steve Diamond says the club is close to signing a number of international players .
An inquest into the deaths of two men who died in a fire in a flat has heard there was no compelling evidence it started in a tumble dryer .
The story of a Chinese teenager hiding in the hold of a flight from Shanghai to Dubai has been widely shared on social media , but is it true ?
American Bubba Watson holds a one-shot lead after the first round of the Shenzhen International .
Thieves have stolen a number of pieces of equipment from a farm in South Lanarkshire .
Australia 's Scott Hend and England 's Tyrrell Hatton share the lead going into the final round of the BMW PGA Championship .
Liverpool manager Jurgen Klopp said goalkeeper Simon Mignolet must improve after he made two costly errors in the draw with Arsenal .
The number of IVF cycles offered on the NHS in Scotland should be increased , a charity has said .
Bernie Sanders ' supporters are trending on social media .
If Greece votes for a new government in Sunday 's general election , it will be a moment of reckoning for the country 's creditors .
The Uruguayan government has announced that marijuana will be sold in pharmacies from July .
Teaching assistants in County Durham are to be balloted for strike action after councillors approved changes to their contracts .
The Scottish government has been accused of conducting a  sham '' consultation on its named person policy .
The world 's largest cruise ship , the Harmony of the Seas , has been built in Shanghai , China .
The BBC Proms is one of the world 's most prestigious music festivals .
A coalition of US civil rights groups has called on Facebook to address what it calls  racial discrimination '' on the site .
Stephen Paul Copoc , a student from Liverpool , travelled to Hillsborough with a group of friends , who all survived .
Japanese shares fell as a stronger yen weighed on the country 's major exporters .
Plans for a ring-fence around the UK 's biggest banks are  well short of what is required '' , a watchdog has said .
Five people have been arrested after a laser pen was shone at a plane approaching Edinburgh Airport .
Audi are to withdraw from the Le Mans 24 Hours and join the Formula E series .
Jonathan Demme , the Oscar-winning director of The Silence of the Lambs , has died at the age of 72 .
The Australian government has announced a # 100m -LRB- # 70m -RRB- loan package to help drought-hit farmers .
Demonstrators have clashed with police in the centre of Belfast .
Police are investigating after two men were stabbed during a disturbance in a nightclub in Aberdeen .
A Spanish newspaper has published what it says is evidence that Prime Minister Mariano Rajoy received illegal payments from a slush fund .
A former Soviet army officer accused of leading a Taliban attack in Afghanistan has appeared in court in the US .
Edin Dzeko scored his 24th Serie A goal of the season as Roma eased to victory over Bologna .
UKIP has complained to Kent Police over comments made on the BBC 's Have I Got News for You .
Badges are to be issued on the London Underground to help people with disabilities , drug treatment and mental health issues get around .
An exhibition of cartoons depicting Donald Trump as Adolf Hitler has opened in Iran .
Translink has said that its new trains will return to service later .
Thailand 's Crown Prince Maha Vajiralongkorn is set to become the country 's new king .
In the US state of Maine , the humble honey-and-water drink , mead , is making a comeback .
The eurozone 's unemployment rate has risen to a record high , official figures show .
A major search is under way for a woman who went missing on a beach in Devon .
The Eurovision Song Contest is one of the biggest and most prestigious in the world .
Police have released CCTV images of a man they want to trace in connection with a serious assault in Edinburgh .
The roll-out of smart meters in the UK has been delayed again .
Crowds gathered to watch the last flying Vulcan take to the skies .
Hosts Northern Ireland were beaten 2-0 by Spain in their opening Group A match at the Uefa Under-19 Women 's Championship in Belfast .
An engineering firm has announced plans to expand its operations in Brechin .
A woman has died after an outbreak of flu at a Carmarthenshire nursing home .
The rainbow flag has been flown at Stormont for the first time .
A second teenager has been charged in connection with an attack on a pregnant woman in south-east London .
The World Economic Forum -LRB- WEF -RRB- is taking place in Davos , Switzerland .
Two Canadians have been arrested in Beijing on suspicion of drug trafficking , according to reports .
South African athlete Oscar Pistorius has been taken to prison after being convicted of killing his girlfriend Reeva Steenkamp .
A nurse who was sacked after posting sexually explicit comments on Facebook has been struck off .
The World Health Organization -LRB- WHO -RRB- classifies processed meat as an agent of cancer .
Sculptures of moths have been unveiled in Hull in honour of Amy Johnson .
Supermarkets are selling generic school uniforms for as little as 1 -LRB- # 1 -RRB- per item , in a price war with specialist suppliers .
A teenager has escaped from a plane at San Francisco 's airport by jumping through an emergency door .
One of the world 's most famous locomotives has returned to the tracks .
Amazon 's founder , Jeff Bezos , has made an incredible discovery .
British comic book artist Steve Dillon has died at the age of 55 .
The Conservative Party is in the midst of a  Eurosceptic crisis '' .
A man who chatted about raping a baby and sexually abusing children has been jailed .
Scientists have created a 3D model of cancer spreading around the body .
A dog-friendly restaurant has opened in China .
Southport chairman John Clapham has resigned following the club 's relegation from the National League .
A UK travel company has decided to stop selling holidays to traditional zoos .
A man has admitted causing the death of an 11-year-old girl in a crash in Ceredigion .
More than half of children around the world are sleep deprived , according to a new study .
Fidel Castro , the former Cuban revolutionary leader , and the Queen , who was born in London , were two of the world 's most famous people .
Cornwall beat Surrey to reach the final of the County Championship Cup .
Brazilian right-back Dani Alves is to leave Barcelona after eight years at the club .
French energy giant GDF Suez and BP have made a major oil discovery in the Central North Sea .
John McGinn says Hibernian are determined to return to winning ways before the end of the season .
The Conservatives have won all eight constituencies in Dorset .
It is a tale of billions of pounds for schools , hospitals and transport projects .
Former Nottingham Forest striker Stan Collymore has pulled out of the running to be the club 's next chairman .
Satellite images have suggested that an ancient monastery in Iraq was destroyed by Islamic State -LRB- IS -RRB- militants .
Jack Disley 's second-half header secured victory for Grimsby Town over National League leaders Forest Green Rovers .
Rory Burns became the first Surrey player to hit a Championship double century as his side drew with Hampshire at The Oval .
A US aircraft carrier strike group sent to the region to deter North Korea has failed to arrive in Australia , officials say .
Manchester City captain Vincent Kompany has been ruled out for up to a month with a calf injury .
A fountain in a Hertfordshire town is to be refilled with water from a nearby lake .
Striker Martin Paterson says Northern Ireland 's 2-0 World Cup qualifying defeat by Azerbaijan in Baku was  a disgrace '' .
Malaysia has criticised Switzerland 's top prosecutor for saying billions of dollars may have been misappropriated from state companies .
A new portrait of Mozart has been unveiled in the north-east of England .
Divers are to be deployed to a stretch of the Forth and Clyde Canal in North Lanarkshire to search for possible human remains .
Welsh cyclist Owain Doull has become the second Welshman to win an Olympic gold medal in Rio .
Astronomers have discovered a baby planet like Jupiter .
At least 102 people have been killed in a stampede in the southern Indian state of Kerala , officials say .
The UN special envoy for Syria , Staffan de Mistura , says formal peace talks between the government and opposition will resume on Monday .
The funeral of a Barnsley Football Club legend has taken place .
The number of empty shops on Scotland 's high streets has fallen over the last three years , according to a study .
A man from London has appeared in court charged with the attempted murder of a man in a hotel in County Antrim .
The Liberal Democrats and Labour have traded blows in the House of Lords over the government 's handling of Brexit .
Talks to form a minority government in the Republic of Ireland are continuing .
Climate change could lead to the extinction of some of the UK 's most vulnerable butterfly species , according to a new study .
North Korean leader Kim Jong-un has said his country has the  sure capability '' to attack the US .
An Australian man who helped men travel to Syria to fight for the so-called Islamic State group has apologised for his actions .
MPs are to debate whether US presidential hopeful Donald Trump should be banned from entering the UK .
Two crocodiles have been shot after a boy was taken by a crocodile in northern Australia , officials say .
A  culture change '' is needed in prisons in England and Wales to stop inmates taking their own lives , a report says .
More than 100,000 people missed at least one hospital appointment in Scotland last year , according to new figures .
Scotland goalkeeper Anna Fay has retired from international football .
A growing number of African governments are introducing tough laws to tackle cyber-attacks .
A teacher who used a personal email account to contact a pupil has been struck off .
The four men who were cleared of the IRA murder of a police officer in Londonderry have said they are  flabbergasted '' that their original interview notes have gone missing .
Scientists are heading to the bottom of the Indian Ocean to try and find out if there is life on Earth .
A series of events are being held to celebrate the work of an American artist .
As a working mother of two young children , Emma Black was determined to get back into shape .
Too many children are leaving primary schools unable to read or write properly , former deputy prime minister Lord Heseltine has said .
Wales coach Warren Gatland says he will be neutral when his side face Australia at Twickenham on Saturday .
Prince William and Prince Harry have visited their mother 's memorial garden to pay tribute to her .
Substitute Kyle Wootton rescued a point for Scunthorpe with a stoppage-time equaliser against Port Vale .
Russia has handed to the EU a list of 89 people it has banned from entering the country .
Shakespeare 's Richard III is to be staged in Leicester Cathedral , next to the king 's grave , it has been announced .
Swansea City boss Paul Clement has likened striker Fernando Llorente to Real Madrid 's Cristiano Ronaldo and Sergio Ramos .
Pace bowler Josh Poysden and all-rounder Alex Mellor have signed new two-year contracts with Warwickshire .
The family of a teenage girl who died in a crash have said they are  utterly broken '' by her death .
The number of assaults on prison staff in England and Wales has risen sharply , figures show .
A former Swedish foreign minister , Johan Gustafsson , has been freed after being kidnapped in Mali in 2013 .
First Minister Carwyn Jones has said the Welsh Government will be  relentless '' in its efforts to improve the economy and public services .
A helmet designed to reduce the risk of concussion has been developed in Wales .
A man has been shot and wounded by police in Ferguson , Missouri , on the anniversary of the death of unarmed black teenager Michael Brown .
The EU has warned against  provocative '' actions after Georgia accused Russia of creating a new border .
British number one Heather Watson has been knocked out in the second round of the Aegon Classic in South Korea .
A man has been convicted of causing the death of a cyclist by careless driving .
Actress Jaime Winstone is to play the younger version of Dame Barbara Windsor in a new BBC drama about her life .
A former Bolivian air traffic controller has said she tried to stop a plane that crashed last week , killing most of a Brazilian football team .
Salmon exports surged in the first quarter of the year , according to the Food and Drink Federation .
A young boy and a former Ireland international rugby player have won their battle to play the sport they love .
-LRB- Close -RRB- : US stocks closed lower on the last day of the year , weighed down by energy stocks .
Oscar Pistorius ' former lawyer has appeared in court in South Africa charged with fraud .
The Australian Border Force has released images of two detainees allegedly involved in a riot at a detention centre on Christmas Island .
Hugh Grant is to join the cast of Guy Ritchie 's Man From U.N.C.L.E .
Kenneth Zohore 's late strike gave Cardiff City a dramatic win at Burton Albion .
A 90-year-old man has died after being rescued from the River Leith in Edinburgh .
A man has died after being shot outside a barber 's shop in Liverpool .
A Pembrokeshire man who stabbed himself in the neck in court has been remanded in custody .
The body of a greyhound has been found with its ear cut off in a field in Lancashire .
It was a special night for the people of Dumfries and Galloway .
England captain Alastair Cook said his side showed  inexperience '' in their 72-run defeat by Bangladesh in the first Test in Chittagong .
A senior councillor has been accused of misconduct in a report into the sale of former council properties .
A firearms instructor has been jailed after police found a stash of weapons in his home .
Scottish councils are ready to take in Syrian refugees , according to local government body Cosla .
George Osborne is to hold talks with the German government in Berlin later .
Cannondale 's Pierre Rolland won stage nine of the Giro d'Italia in a sprint finish in Canazei .
If you 're like me , you 've probably had your fair share of arguments about whether or not you 'll be able to go to church this Christmas .
A fire in Newport is believed to have been deliberately set , police have said .
Scientists have released new images of an asteroid that passed by the Earth on Wednesday .
Virgin Media has admitted that it overstated the number of premises it had connected to its superfast broadband scheme , Project Lightning .
Great Britain 's James Guy and Chloe Tutton won bronze medals at the European Swimming Championships in Amsterdam .
If you 're a rugby fan , you might want to think again .
-LRB- Close -RRB- : The pound fell against other currencies after the Bank of England cut its growth forecast and kept interest rates on hold .
A boxer has been jailed for 26 weeks for beating his ex-girlfriend .
A paedophile who preyed on a 10-year-old boy via Facebook has been jailed for 12 years .
Police were justified in shooting at a group of armed raiders outside a McDonald 's in Carnoustie , a report has found .
Seven migrants have gone on trial in Berlin accused of setting fire to a homeless Polish man on Christmas Day .
Wales manager Chris Coleman says his late father would have been delighted by his country 's progress at Euro 2016 .
The decision to delay the construction of a new nuclear power station at Hinkley Point is the biggest foreign policy gamble of Theresa May 's premiership .
People are being asked to help kangaroos and koalas that have been injured in bushfires in Australia .
Michael Jordan has confirmed he will join Lupita Nyong 'o in Marvel 's Black Panther .
Teenagers have begun the annual Ten Tors challenge on Dartmoor .
A report into the sale of Nama 's Northern Ireland loan portfolio is due to be published later .
The new bridge across the Firth of Forth could open to traffic in May 2017 , after delays caused by the winter .
Too many teenagers are checking their phones before going to sleep , a study has suggested .
Estonia , a former Soviet republic , is one of the smallest countries in Europe .
The American hunter who killed a lion in Zimbabwe , Africa , has been arrested .
Kenya 's opposition leader Raila Odinga has said he will challenge the presidential election results in the Supreme Court .
A campaign has been launched to bring back the death penalty in the UK .
Scotland 's Laura Muir broke her country 's 20-year-old 1500m record at the Glasgow Diamond League .
The billionaire owner of Hutchison Whampoa , Li-Ka Shing , has announced plans to buy the UK 's second largest mobile phone operator , O2 .
Phil Collins has postponed two concerts at London 's O2 Arena after falling on stage in Germany .
The number of fines issued for data protection breaches in the UK is set to rise , according to PwC .
In the wake of the UK 's vote to leave the European Union , what will the world 's central banks do ?
Aberdeen manager Derek McInnes is confident his side can overcome Maribor and reach the Champions League group stage .
Ollie Norburn 's late strike earned Macclesfield a 3-2 win at Chester in the National League .
The Welsh Government has reversed its decision to end a youth bus pass scheme .
Forty years ago this month , the news of Richard Nixon 's firing of the special prosecutor investigating the Watergate scandal sent shockwaves through Washington .
National League side Eastleigh have signed Staines Town midfielder Joe Cole for an undisclosed fee .
The number of sexual abuse allegations against UN peacekeepers has risen sharply over the past two years , according to a UN report .
Manchester United captain Wayne Rooney is in talks with the club over a new contract .
Teaching assistants in Durham have held a rally in support of their union .
A transgender woman has launched an appeal against her jail sentence .
An illegal cigarette factory has been raided in Birmingham .
Raffaele Sollecito , the former boyfriend of Amanda Knox , has been cleared of the 2007 murder of British student Meredith Kercher in Perugia .
A US soldier has been awarded the Medal of Honour , the highest military honour , for his actions in Afghanistan .
Guernsey 's Department of Planning has launched a public consultation on potential development sites .
The quality of care in nursing homes in England is being affected by a shortage of nurses , the health regulator says .
One of the UK 's biggest energy suppliers has been ordered to pay # 4m in compensation after it failed to meet customer expectations .
A 1,000-year-old weir discovered on the coast of Hampshire has been dated back to Roman times , scientists have said .
Frontline staff at railway stations could be trained to spot the signs of suicide , the government has suggested .
Fifa has opened an investigation into Real Madrid 's signing of players under the age of 18 .
An 11-year-old boy who took his own life told a fellow pupil  life is unfair '' , an inquest has heard .
The Shroud of Turin has gone on public display in the Italian city for the first time in five years .
The Mebyon Kernow Conservative Party has announced it will not be fielding candidates in the general election .
A man is in a critical condition in hospital after being assaulted twice in west Belfast .
Russia 's ambassador to Poland, Alexander Andreyev , has apologised for suggesting that Poland was partly responsible for the start of World War Two .
Pop group All Saints are celebrating the 20th anniversary of their debut album , and the band 's members recall the sexism they faced in the industry .
New Zealand Prime Minister John Key has told the Asia Business Report that the Trans-Pacific Partnership -LRB- TPP -RRB- trade deal could be signed by the end of the year .
A man and a woman have been found dead at a house in Sheffield .
Police in Mauritius have arrested one of the country 's top footballers , Joseph Leopold , on suspicion of drug dealing .
Non-European migrants will have to earn at least 35,000 to qualify forsettled status in the UK , the government has announced .
Hundreds of people have been evacuated from a Sicilian village as wildfires rage across the south of the country .
The Archbishop of Canterbury has said he is in talks with Pope Francis and other church leaders over the possibility of a fixed date for Easter .
Steven Lawless has rejected a new contract with Partick Thistle .
Team Sky boss Sir Dave Brailsford praised Luke Rowe 's bravery as he helped Chris Froome win a fourth Tour de France .
The owner of Arsenal Football Club , Stan Kroenke , has ordered the removal of programmes about hunting .
League Two leaders Doncaster survived a late Stevenage fightback at the Lamex Stadium .
Rory Best says it would be a  massive honour '' to succeed Paul O'Connell as Ireland captain .
A 19-year-old man has been charged with preparing terrorist acts after being arrested at Heathrow Airport .
Gillingham chairman Paul Scally says a new stadium could help the club reach the  heady heights '' of the Premier League .
Legislation is needed to tackle cyber-bullying , the children 's commissioner for Wales has said .
Colchester United midfielder Michael Keane has joined National League side Braintree Town on a season-long loan deal .
Scunthorpe United chief executive Derek Swann has urged fans not to panic despite their recent poor form .
The number of callouts to Snowdon has been blamed on a campaign to attract tourists to Wales .
The Mau Mau rebellion against British colonial rule in Kenya in the 1950s was a violent uprising against British rule in Africa .
The estate of Johnny Cash is to release an album of previously unheard recordings , according to his son Carter Cash .
Boris Johnson has said the UK has a  big opportunity '' to remain in the single market after Brexit .
Hearts have signed Poland international centre-back Matej Grzelak on a two-year deal .
British astronaut Tim Peake has been talking to Newsround about his time in space .
Great Britain 's men 's ice hockey team have missed out on a place at the 2018 Winter Paralympics .
A British student has been jailed for five years in the United Arab Emirates for drug trafficking .
Every home and business in the UK will have fast broadband .
A 25-year-old man has appeared in court charged with terrorism offences following a security alert at a London Underground station .
Rising levels of carbon dioxide in the atmosphere are causing the oceans to become more acidic , according to a new report .
The UK 's best-known chocolate maker , Cadbury , is to stop using the Fairtrade mark on its products .
Regulator Ofgem is planning to force energy suppliers to stop back-billing customers for energy used more than 12 months ago .
A woman has died following a two-vehicle crash in Monmouthshire .
Tommy Hilfiger has said comments he made about model Gigi Hadid were  completely false '' .
Liverpool have appointed England Under-19s head coach Sean O 'Driscoll as first-team coach .
Faissal El Bakhtaoui scored twice as Dunfermline Athletic beat Ayr United to move up to second in the Championship .
The stars have been talking about the Baftas , Meryl Streep 's speech and more .
The Supreme Court has ruled the government did not have the power to charge workers for bringing employment discrimination cases .
A 16-year-old boy has been arrested in County Londonderry on suspicion of possessing a firearm with intent to endanger life .
In the summer of 2015 , Carl Fearon was a sprinter on the brink of retirement .
A BBC journalist has told an employment tribunal she was the victim of  corruption '' at the corporation .
The new owner of a whisky distillery in the Scottish Borders has announced plans to invest # 1m in the facility .
Republican presidential hopefuls Marco Rubio and Ted Cruz have attacked front-runner Donald Trump in a fiery debate in Florida .
Singer Charlotte Church has announced that she and her partner have lost their baby .
In County Longford in the Republic of Ireland , the once-bustling town centre is now a ghost town .
Scotland 's Health Secretary Shona Robison has appointed an independent expert to examine the findings of an independent review into mesh implants .
A six-year-old girl has returned to school after receiving a heart transplant from her father .
Jess Ward scored a hat-trick as Wales women secured their first win of the Euro 2017 qualifying campaign against Kazakhstan .
When Tim Peake blasts off to the International Space Station on Wednesday , he will become the first British astronaut to orbit the Earth .
A US drone strike in north-western Pakistan has killed at least 13 militants , officials say .
More teachers are leaving the profession because of pay cuts , six teaching unions in England and Wales have warned .
Mark McGhee says he would be  amazed '' if Gordon Strachan does not remain as Scotland manager .
England manager Roy Hodgson says striker Andy Carroll must be included in his Euro 2016 squad .
The government has been criticised for plans to cut funding for disabled students in England .
The accountants who handed the wrong envelope to the presenters at the Oscars have been given extra security , it has been reported .
Eight people have gone on trial in the eastern German city of Dresden accused of belonging to a far-right terrorist group .
The first of 250 Tube ticket offices are to close as part of cost-cutting plans .
The hotel industry in Northern Ireland has said it needs a strategy to attract more visitors .
Less than half of people in the East Midlands can name their local councillor , research suggests .
The head of the public inquiry into the Grenfell Tower fire has written to Theresa May setting out the scope of his work .
Labour leadership contender Jeremy Corbyn has said he could revive the party 's commitment to public ownership .
Malala Yousafzai , the Pakistani Nobel Peace Prize winner , has urged the Nigerian schoolgirls abducted a year ago to  celebrate their freedom with their families '' .
A man who raped a woman after posing as a taxi driver has been named as one of the UK 's most wanted fugitives .
Global temperatures are likely to rise by at least 1.5 degrees above pre-industrial levels by the end of the century , scientists say .
The long-awaited opening of Nottingham 's tram system has taken place .
Shadow chancellor Ed Balls has backed the government 's fiscal charter , as the two parties clashed over spending plans .
A woman has told a court she was sexually abused by a man accused of being part of a child sex ring in Rotherham .
Essex 's opening County Championship match of the season against Worcestershire at New Road was abandoned without a ball bowled because of rain .
Mashkel is a small town in the south-western Pakistani province of Balochistan .
President Barack Obama has nominated a former deputy attorney general in the Bush administration to be the next director of the FBI .
Lawyers for the Irish state broadcaster RT have asked the High Court in Dublin to discharge an injunction obtained by the country 's richest man .
Paula Cheruiyot beatlmaz Almaz to win Olympic gold in the women 's 5,000m in Rio .
David Cameron and the opposition leaders have clashed over the government 's record on tax .
St Peter 's School of Wexford beat St Mary 's of Derry to reach the Hogan Cup final .
More than 300 acres -LRB- acres -RRB- of land have been destroyed by wild fires across Scotland since the start of the month .
A man who admitted downloading thousands of indecent images of children has been spared jail .
A judge in the Republic of Ireland has said he never intended to interfere with the reporting of comments made by a TD in the Dil .
More than a third of councils in England and Wales are planning to increase council tax to pay for adult social care , a survey suggests .
The UK 's wet weather this year has been a  major blow '' to the country 's insect population , experts say .
A father and son have appeared in court charged with the murder of a man in County Fermanagh .
Camanachd beat Kilmallie 4-3 to set up a semi-final against Newtonmore or Skye .
Police searching for a missing airman have appealed for three teenagers to come forward .
Afghan forces have freed more than 50 prisoners held by the Taliban , Nato says .
A man who used his mobile phone to film women under their skirts has been jailed for 18 months .
Former first minister Peter Robinson has said his father-in-law applied to a controversial energy scheme before he was married .
Liam Swankie scored twice as Forfar Athletic came from behind to beat Cowdenbeath 4-3 in Scottish League One .
A man has been cleared of raping a student who later took her own life .
Britain 's Jessica Ennis-Hill is in contention to qualify for the 2016 Olympics after the second day of the Hypo-Meeting in Gotzis , Austria .
Protests have been held across the US demanding President Donald Trump release his tax returns .
The use of Caesarean sections in some European countries is higher than in others , a study suggests .
A look back at some of the top entertainment stories over the past year .
A man who tried to save a boy who died in the Hillsborough disaster has said a police officer asked him to change his statement .
Fire crews have finished their work at the scene of the Shoreham air disaster .
HMS Ocean will be withdrawn from service in 2012 , Defence Secretary Liam Fox has announced .
Hundreds of people have protested outside Liverpool 's Town Hall against council cuts .
Reading midfielder Andrija Rakels has joined Lech Poznan on a season-long loan deal .
A man is in a critical condition in hospital after a hit-and-run in west Belfast .
A fundraising campaign has been launched to restore a fountain in honour of a group of Czech and Slovak soldiers who took part in a daring World War II raid .
Plans for a new railway station near Reading 's stadium have been revived .
Tyrrell Hatton 's second-place finish at the Scottish Open at Dundonald Links was a remarkable achievement .
Two women have been taken to hospital after being rescued from a house fire in Bournemouth , believed to have been started deliberately .
The University of Manchester has launched its first degree course in Urdu .
Campaigners are calling for a Grade II-listed building destroyed by fire to be saved .
Wigan Warriors prop Ben Flower has been banned for two matches after being found guilty of striking Hull FC 's Adam Milner with an elbow .
Renault has told Formula 1 bosses it will no longer supply engines to the sport .
Arsenal manager Arsene Wenger has been given a four-match touchline ban after admitting a Football Association misconduct charge .
Ayr United climbed off the bottom of the Championship with victory over Dunfermline Athletic .
Akinwunmi Adesina , the president of the African Development Bank , has won the World Food Prize , for his work to improve smallholder farming in Africa .
A man suffered life-changing injuries when he fell from a hotel balcony , a court has heard .
Former Ireland rugby player Dan Wallace has been cleared of harassing his estranged wife .
The body of a man has been found on the shoreline at St Fergus in Aberdeenshire .
Charli XCX says she 's writing more songs for other artists .
Chimamanda Ngozi Adichie has won the US National Critics Book Prize for her third novel , Americanah .
Chelsea are celebrating their second Premier League title in three seasons .
Prue Leith is to leave her role as a judge on BBC One 's Saturday Kitchen after 11 series .
A settlement offer has been made in a long-running legal battle over plans for a controversial mosque .
Rafael Nadal has been accused of doping by a former French sports minister .
Vigilantes who target paedophiles are putting real children at risk , Kent Police has said .
The European Court of Human Rights has ruled that a former member of a secretive German commune in Chile is guilty of torture .
In our series of letters from England players , Heather Knight reflects on her year as captain .
At least 16 people have been killed after a pedestrian bridge collapsed in the western Indian state of Goa .
Championship play-off hopefuls Preston and Barnsley played out a goalless draw at Oakwell .
England 's exams regulator , Ofqual , did not follow its own guidelines when marking this year 's English GCSE , a report says .
The Public Prosecution Service -LRB- PPS -RRB- has decided not to prosecute a man suspected of involvement in the Kingsmills massacre .
Olympic silver medallistnaghel has retired from cycling after being forced to withdraw from the Commonwealth Games in Glasgow .
Nigerian rower Chierika Ukogu may have missed out on a medal at the Rio Olympics , but she is still a hero to many .
Mark Evans has been appointed as the new chief executive of Welsh language broadcaster S4C .
The trial of a Dublin teenager held in an Egyptian prison for more than two years has been adjourned until 2 August .
Fifa members meet in Zurich on Friday to elect a new president to succeed Sepp Blatter .
Andre Ayew scored a late penalty as Ghana beat DR Congo 2-1 to reach the Africa Cup of Nations semi-finals .
What is the Football Association , and how is it run ?
Plans for a new entertainment complex in Cornwall have been approved by Cornwall Council .
Amnesty International -LRB- AI -RRB- has warned that the 2022 Fifa World Cup in Qatar could be  built on forced labour and exploitation '' .
Four people have appeared in court charged with disposing of the body parts of murdered teenager Becky Watts .
A south Wales council has been criticised for cancelling the Christmas lights in its town centres .
The International Monetary Fund -LRB- IMF -RRB- has warned of a  more generalised slowdown '' in the global economy .
A Scottish singer-songwriter 's search for his great great grandfather 's grave has led to the discovery of his final resting place .
Campaigners have criticised a decision not to prosecute a hunt accused of killing a fox .
Swedish fashion retailer H&M is to launch a new brand in London later this year .
In the run-up to the 70th anniversary of the evacuation of Dunkirk , the BBC 's Quentin Sommerville has been speaking to survivors .
What is it like to be an artist in Africa ?
The Met Office has named the first storm of the season as Storm Abigail .
Gary Neville 's first game in charge of Valencia ended in defeat as Atletico Madrid came from behind to win 3-1 at the Mestalla .
A copy of the 1916 Proclamation of Independence has been sold at auction in Dublin for # 20,000 .
Charlton produced a stunning comeback to beat 10-man Bolton at the Macron Stadium .
A 17th Century Flemish masterpiece of Jesus Christ has been saved from auction after a public campaign to save it .
Elton John told a steward he thought she was  Hitler '' during a row over crowd control .
Tributes have been paid to the man who was stabbed to death at a pub in Gwynedd .
Relatives of the 10 people who died when a police helicopter crashed into a Glasgow bar have said they have been left with  loads more questions '' .
Former world number one Luke Donald has been named as the new ambassador of the British Masters at Woburn .
A Holyrood committee has backed plans to legalise same-sex marriage in Scotland .
Iraq 's parliament has approved a package of reforms aimed at reforming the country 's political system .
Great Britain 's women beat Olympic champions Argentina 3-2 at the Hockey World League Final in Johannesburg .
The results of the French and Greek elections have thrown a fresh spotlight on Europe 's debt crisis .
Openers Paul Stirling and Sam Robson hit centuries for Middlesex on a rain-affected first day against Yorkshire at Lord 's .
Roma have been ordered to close part of their Stadio Olimpico ground for one game after fans sang racist songs about Mario Balotelli .
Joba Rani borrowed  5,000 -LRB- # 4,000 -RRB- from a microfinance company to buy six cows , but after her crops were destroyed , she is unable to repay the loan .
A police officer who shot and killed a black teenager in Texas has been fired .
The Listener held on to win the King George VI Chase at Kempton .
Hollywood actress and director Angelina Jolie has been honoured at the Sarajevo Film Festival .
The BBC should invest more money in the Midlands , an MP has said .
The organisers of the Wickerman Festival have announced a new stage for this year 's event .
Nearly three-quarters of UK workers have attended work when ill , a survey suggests .
Six men have been charged with a series of sexual offences in Rotherham .
UKIP is confident it can win more seats in the Welsh assembly election next year , the party 's leader in Wales has said .
Russia 's foreign ministry spokeswoman has been accused of  anti-Semitic '' remarks after she said Jewish Americans had given Donald Trump the election victory .
The parents of a man killed by a speeding driver have called for tougher penalties for dangerous drivers .
Rafael Nadal fought back to beat German teenager Alexander Zverev and reach the fourth round of the Australian Open .
A woman who was injured in the Manchester bombing probably saved her life by using her mobile phone , her husband has said .
Rangers beat Celtic 5-4 on penalties to win the Scottish Cup .
The path to the professional ranks is a long one .
An earthquake has hit the country of Nepal in northern India .
Kumar Sangakkara hit an unbeaten 141 for Surrey on the opening day of their County Championship match against Somerset at The Oval .
French striker Karim Benzia has decided to play for Algeria .
Former Aston Villa boss David O'Leary has been awarded # 1m in compensation by Fifa after being sacked by Al Ahli .
Parents and students in Argentina could face tougher penalties if they attack a teacher under plans being considered by the government .
Cornwall head coach Graham Dawe hopes the County Championship final will stay at Twickenham .
Bristol City have loaned midfielders Jake Bidwell and Kodi Smit-McPhee to Guernsey FC for a month .
Tributes have been paid across the world to the British MP Jo Cox , who was killed on Thursday .
Liam Boyce scored a hat-trick as Ross County beat 10-man Inverness Caledonian Thistle .
Two brothers who tortured two young boys have had their anonymity extended .
At least 70 people have been killed after a passenger train derailed in the northern Indian state of Uttar Pradesh .
The Met Office has issued a yellow be aware '' warning for wind in Northern Ireland .
Shares in Greece have fallen sharply after talks between the country 's creditors broke down on Sunday .
Colin Calderwood has joined Aston Villa as first-team coach .
A 77-year-old man has gone on trial accused of sexually abusing young girls at a mosque in Cardiff .
The next government will need to cut spending by more than a quarter of national income to balance the books , according to the Institute for Fiscal Studies .
Cancers caused by infections are the biggest and preventable causes of the disease worldwide , say experts .
A row has broken out over plans to demolish a modernist building at Durham University .
Tesla has said it will increase production five-fold over the next two years .
A man has been arrested by police investigating a sexual assault in Cardiff .
A council has been criticised for failing to properly plan and manage a landslip .
A man has appeared in court charged with attempted murder .
The day before Prince died , his team contacted a specialist in addiction treatment , a lawyer has said .
The deadly attack on a restaurant popular with tourists in Burkina Faso 's capital is the latest in a series of militant attacks on former French colonies .
A man has died after being shot by police in Hull , the Independent Police Complaints Commission -LRB- IPCC -RRB- has said .
Huawei , the world 's second-largest smartphone maker , is suing Samsung for patent infringement .
Newsnight 's James Clayton has been following the migrant crisis in France .
A 15-year-old boy has been stabbed to death in north London .
Theo Walcott 's late equaliser rescued a point for Arsenal against Manchester United at Old Trafford .
Aberdeen have signed Stevie May from Preston North End on a four-year deal .
Up to 200 jobs are to be lost at a chemical plant in south Wales .
Sweden goalkeeper Hedvig Lindahl has signed a new contract with Women 's Super League champions Chelsea Ladies .
It 's one of the most famous dance moves in the world .
A hospital has warned Pokemon Go fans not to visit its accident and emergency unit .
Harry Potter star Daniel Bradley is to play the first Doctor Who companion , Rory Hartnell , in a special episode of the show .
A man is missing after his kayak capsized on a river in Surrey .
A man has been found guilty of attempting to rob a shop after he was caught on CCTV .
Imagine your child being told that he or she is not going to have a sixth form .
Ricky Burns lost his WBO world lightweight title to Namibia 's Julius Indongo at the Hydro in Glasgow .
A man has been charged with murdering a student whose body was found in a burnt-out car .
A couple have been found guilty of murdering a six-year-old girl in east London .
A Russian warplane has been shot down by Turkey on the Syrian border .
Is the US going to ban laptops and tablets in the cabin on some flights from Europe ?
Ethan Ebanks-Landell scored a late winner as 10-man Sheffield United beat Bury .
The Archbishop of Canterbury has used his Easter message to call for hope in the wake of the Brussels attacks .
Plans for a fast food outlet in Pembrokeshire have been approved by a planning inspector .
The International Monetary Fund -LRB- IMF -RRB- and the World Bank are the world 's two main financial institutions .
Arsenal manager Arsene Wenger says interim England boss Gareth Southgate has a  good opportunity '' to become permanent manager .
The mother of a girl who took her own life has criticised a council for refusing to reveal the full report into her daughter 's death .
Stoke City have signed Cameroon international winger Eric Choupo-Moting from German side Werder Bremen on a four-year deal for an undisclosed fee .
Football 's world governing body Fifa has passed tougher measures to tackle racism .
Jodie Taylor 's late strike gave England a seventh successive win as they beat the Netherlands .
Bayern Munich made a winning start to their Champions League campaign as they thrashed Zenit St Petersburg 5-0 .
A Christian-run bakery at the centre of a legal case over a gay cake '' refused to make a cake with a pro-gay marriage slogan has urged a judge to uphold their right to freedom of expression .
An 86-year-old woman fought off a would-be robber with a bacon sandwich .
Star Wars actress Carrie Fisher is in intensive care after suffering a heart attack , her brother has said .
Nick Clegg has accused the Conservatives of being  in the firing line '' over public spending cuts .
A Singaporean couple 's  coffin-themed '' wedding photo shoot has become a social media hit .
A pipe bomb has been found during a security alert in County Meath .
One of the UK 's largest jails has been rated  inadequate '' by inspectors .
A ceremony has been held in Sydney to mark the first anniversary of the cafe siege .
A case of bird flu has been found at a farm in Boston , the Department for Environment , Food and Rural Affairs -LRB- Defra -RRB- has said .
Sri Lanka 's Prime Minister Ranil Wickremesinghe has called for the country 's mangrove forests to be protected .
Google has announced plans to release a new version of its Android operating system -LRB- Android -RRB- this summer .
A football referee has died after being punched by a player during a game in the US state of Michigan .
Two men have been given suspended jail sentences for dumping tyres on a beach in County Londonderry .
People in Scotland are  living in constant anxiety '' about welfare reforms , according to a new study .
Watford striker Isaac Success has been ruled out of Nigeria 's opening 2018 World Cup qualifier against Cameroon in Calabar on Wednesday .
Amateur fireworks displays in people 's back gardens should be banned , a Conservative MP has said .
Edinburgh will host the 2017 European Champions Cup final at Murrayfield .
Alliance Trust Savings has agreed to buy Brewin Dolphin 's stockbroking business .
The metro system in Brussels is due to reopen on Wednesday , a week after it was closed in the wake of the Paris attacks .
The trial of a powerful clan leader in the Philippines has begun .
The search for the bodies of the three men who died in a helicopter crash off the County Mayo coast in the Republic of Ireland is expected to continue on Sunday .
A student in the US state of Michigan has been charged after allegedly forcing a classmate with a severe peanut allergy to eat a piece of butter .
A hospital trust has been placed in special measures after inspectors found it was  inadequate '' .
Thousands of people have marched through Stafford to protest about the future of the town 's hospital .
A Pembrokeshire paddling pool has been saved from closure after donations from a nightclub and a church .
The International Monetary Fund -LRB- IMF -RRB- has urged China to allow its currency , the yuan , to rise against the dollar .
Hartlepool United loanee Andrew Nelson has been ruled out for the rest of the season with a knee injury .
Bristol have suspended head coach Andy Robinson with immediate effect after a poor start to the season .
A driver who left a sofa in the boot of his car has been caught by police .
A man accused of stabbing a motorist to death in a road rage attack was wrongly diagnosed with Asperger 's syndrome , a court has heard .
Each day we feature a photograph sent in from across England - the gallery will grow during the week .
Former Chelsea striker Didier Drogba has signed for United Soccer League side Phoenix Rising .
Sinn Fin leader Gerry Adams has said there is a  greater opportunity '' for a united Ireland .
Republic of Ireland manager Martin O'Neill says he was pleased with his side 's 1-1 draw with the Netherlands in Dublin .
National League side Ebbsfleet United have signed Wycombe Wanderers midfielder Josh Weston .
Passengers stranded on a train for more than four hours have said they jumped off to escape .
Regular exercise can protect the brain from normal ageing , a study suggests .
Diageo , the world 's biggest distiller , has reported a fall in sales of Scotch whisky .
Two teenagers who stole a vicar 's car in a  shocking attack '' have been detained .
US President-elect Donald Trump has accused Barack Obama of failing to take action against Russia for alleged election meddling .
Ciara Mitchell and Stephen Kirk-Smith won titles on the opening day of the Irish Indoor Championships at Santry .
Rare European eels have been found for the first time in a river in the East of England .
Sebastian Vettel is on course to win his first world championship this weekend .
A 23-year-old man shot dead by police was armed with a knife , the police watchdog has said .
Northern Ireland footballer Paddy McCourt has revealed that he pulled out of Euro 2016 after his wife was diagnosed with a brain tumour .
UK Defence Secretary Sir Michael Fallon has urged Nato members to increase their defence spending .
The National Assembly for Wales should be renamed the Welsh Parliament , a senior AM is to propose .
In the town of Brilon in North Rhine-Westphalia , there is a palpable sense of anticipation .
A hotel in Aberdeen has been bought out of administration .
Plans for a new tram line from Nottingham to Derby have been backed by councils in the East Midlands .
Shadow business secretary Chuka Umunna has told his Labour colleagues to stop  stamping their feet '' .
The chief executive of Dentsu , one of Japan 's biggest advertising agencies , has said he will step down after a worker killed herself because of overwork .
It has been a difficult few days for me .
A drugs expert is warning people not to take rogue ecstasy pills , after four people died in the east of England .
Drivers for Arriva Trains Wales are to stage a second strike in a month .
Andre Gray scored twice as Championship leaders Burnley came from behind to beat Bolton Wanderers .
Coleraine rower Alan Cassells won gold in the lightweight pair at the European Rowing Championships in Racice .
A woman who went missing 12 years ago was murdered by her ex-husband , a court has heard .
Cardiff City manager Neil Warnock has said he is  proud '' of Andy Woodward after the former footballer revealed he was sexually abused as a child .
The Vatican is holding up the appointment of France 's first openly gay ambassador to the Holy See .
Fears have been raised that some GP practices in England may be forced to close , the BBC has learned .
Manager Chris Coleman says Wales are in a  fantastic position '' ahead of their final Group B match against Russia at Euro 2016 .
Guy Martin has been ruled out of this year 's Ulster Grand Prix .
Burnley have signed Stoke City striker Jon Walters for an undisclosed fee .
Five players have been shortlisted for the first BBC Women 's Footballer of the Year award .
The Queen has marked her 90th birthday with a message on Twitter .
Black Friday is one of the biggest shopping days of the year in the UK .
A driver who killed two men in a crash while being pursued by police has been jailed for eight years .
Scientists in Japan have developed a new way to look inside the brain for signs of Alzheimer 's disease .
Vigils have been held for Anni Dewani , who was murdered on her honeymoon in South Africa a year ago .
A GP who punched a patient has been banned from practising medicine .
The parents of a baby girl who suffered brain damage due to a delay in her birth have been awarded 5.3m .
Lewis Hamilton won the Italian Grand Prix to take the championship lead for the first time this season .
Councils should be legally obliged to provide public toilets across Wales , a disabled man has said .
A police officer who was stabbed in the head during a raid on a house in north Belfast has been awarded the Queen 's Medal for Bravery .
Six police officers are being investigated after a man had three of his fingers severed .
A revised plan for a new public services training college in Northern Ireland has been drawn up , the BBC has learned .
Plans to reduce the number of consultants working at a hospital 's maternity unit have been criticised by an MP .
Former Italian Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi has compared US President-elect Donald Trump to him .
The Irish foreign minister has said there is a willingness on the part of Northern Ireland 's political parties to engage constructively .
The granddaughter of Peggy O 'Hara has defended the paramilitary theme of her grandmother 's funeral .
Scientists have identified a fourth layer of human ancestry in Europe .
A suspected unexploded device has been found on a beach in Gwynedd , police have said .
The man who became a Christmas legend in Cardiff has died at the age of 89 .
The US Central Intelligence Agency -LRB- CIA -RRB- has been accused of involvement in several coups in Africa .
Imagine you 're a 10-year-old boy growing up in the 1980s .
The question of how to ease congestion on the M4 in south east Wales has been a key issue in the general election campaign .
Chris Gayle and Kieron Pollard led West Indies to a crushing Twenty20 World Cup semi-final victory over Australia .
Scotland 's largest mental health hospital is in a  state of crisis '' , according to a watchdog .
Ospreys maintained their unbeaten start to the Pro12 season with a hard-fought victory over Newport Gwent Dragons at Rodney Parade .
A court in India has sentenced eight policemen to life in prison for killing 19 Sikh men in an alleged fake encounter in the 1990s .
The American wrestling legend Dusty Rhodes has died at the age of 74 .
A dog has been rescued after getting stuck on a cliff edge in Devon .
Holders Rangers will face Celtic in the semi-finals of the Scottish Cup , with holders Hibernian or Inverness Caledonian Thistle facing Dundee United .
Head teachers are to be given training to help them deal with the threat of radicalisation in schools .
Eugene 's bid to host the 2021 World Championships has been defended by athletics ' world governing body .
A 25-year-old author attacked a supermarket worker after she criticised his book , a court has heard .
Thousands of people have fled fighting in northern Syria to the Turkish border , the UN says .
The winner of the Man Booker Prize for Fiction will be announced at a ceremony in London later .
Israeli police are investigating a video which appears to show a policeman beating a Palestinian lorry driver .
A boy who suffered horrific facial injuries when he was mauled by a dog in Cardiff has been awarded # 100,000 in damages .
The UK 's oldest nuclear reactor is to be allowed to run for another five years , the Office for Nuclear Regulation has said .
The proposed closure of Ceredigion 's only residential home for the elderly is  absurd '' , unions have said .
Pope Francis has announced that all priests in the Roman Catholic Church will be allowed to forgive abortion .
Teachers have been awarded more than # 16m in compensation after being injured at work , figures show .
A music teacher from County Londonderry has been awarded the BBC 's Unsung Hero award .
Dog walkers in a Hampshire town have been fined for walking more than four dogs .
Over the past 40 years , there has been a steady stream of allegations about the activities of undercover police officers in the UK .
Aircraft manufacturer Boeing has unveiled a new design for carry-on luggage bins .
The architect behind Dundee 's Museum of Modern Art has said he is  very happy '' with the progress being made on the building .
More than half of Scotland 's high street banks have closed in the last year , according to a BBC investigation .
raba scored a late winner as Egypt beat Morocco to reach the Africa Cup of Nations semi-finals .
Luiz Felipe Scolari has left his position as Brazil coach after the country 's football federation -LRB- CBF -RRB- accepted his resignation .
Gymnasts are practising their handstands and cartwheels .
Exeter Chiefs came from behind to earn a bonus-point win over Sale Sharks in the Premiership at Sandy Park .
Four companies have been shortlisted to run trains in south Wales , the Welsh Government has announced .
Labour leader Jeremy Corbyn has been a long-time MP , but he has never been one to shy away from controversy .
A retired detective has been found not guilty of indecently assaulting a prisoner in the 1980s .
Plans for a bridge across the River Thames in London have been approved .
Growth in Indonesia , the world 's third largest economy , has slowed to a five-year low .
A new  state-of-the-art '' university building has been officially opened in North Yorkshire .
Police searching for missing toddler Ben Needham on the Greek island of Kos have begun digging at a second site .
International students spend more than # 1bn a year on tuition fees in Scotland , according to accountancy firm PwC .
Sale Sharks have signed former Wales scrum-half Mike Phillips from French Top 14 side Racing 92 on a two-year deal .
A 102-year-old German doctor has finally received her doctorate after the Nazis stole it from her .
The US sports memorabilia firm Topps has warned customers that their payment card details may have been stolen in a hack attack .
A man has been arrested on suspicion of raping a 15-year-old girl at Birmingham New Street railway station .
Firefighters in England and Wales are staging a 24-hour strike in a dispute over pensions .
Ineos has said it is on track to restart the second manufacturing unit at its Grangemouth petrochemical plant .
Defending champion Novak Djokovic was knocked out of the Qatar Open in the quarter-finals by big-serving Croat Ivo Karlovic .
The chief executive of Airbus , Fabrice Bregier , has said the company will continue to invest in the UK .
Labour can  beat the Tories by itself '' at the next general election , Welsh MP Jo Stevens has said .
NHS trusts in England are to be rated on the number of staff who speak out when things go wrong .
I'm going to kill a stranger , so don 't you be a stranger '' .
Maria Sharapova 's return to action at the Porsche Grand Prix in Stuttgart has been a success .
Manager Gary Naysmith has hailed the signings of Motherwell winger Dom Thomas and Dumbarton midfielder Joe Thomson on loan until the end of the season .
Toy manufacturer Lego has ended its promotional deal with the Daily Mail , following criticism from anti-racism campaigners .
Gillingham have sacked head coach Darrell Pennock and replaced him with Graham Taylor as director of football .
An explosion has destroyed part of the ancient citadel in the Syrian city of Aleppo , activists say .
Venezuela 's acting President Nicolas Maduro says he will take over the office of the late President Hugo Chavez .
The widow of a man killed in the Tunisian beach attack has said she hopes his legacy will bring  peace '' .
Prince Philip has become the longest-serving consort in British history .
Ian McKinstry 's life has been a journey .
Britain 's Andy Murray beat Canada 's Vasek Pospisil 6-3 7-5 to reach the last eight of the Shanghai Masters .
Wigan Athletic have signed striker Nick Powell from Manchester United on a two-year deal .
The States of Guernsey spent more than # 1.5m on advertising and public relations in the last year , figures have shown .
A court in Barcelona has ordered Argentina football star Lionel Messi to stand trial for tax fraud .
Tanzania beat Kenya 2-1 to win the women 's East African Cup of Nations in Dar es Salaam .
Same-sex couples in Australia are planning to get married .
Britain 's Mark Cavendish is third after the first day of the Olympic track cycling competition in Rio .
Last night , Ed Miliband , in shirt sleeves , stood on the stage and kissed a woman on the lips .
Eight women from the Australian city of Melbourne are believed to have travelled to the Middle East to join Islamic State militants , police say .
Markets in Asia were mostly higher as investors continued to bet on more stimulus from the Bank of Japan .
A supermarket in Greater Manchester is to introduce a quiet hour for customers with autism .
Former Newcastle manager Steve McClaren says he  compromised too much '' during his time at St James ' Park .
An investigation is under way after a number of dogs were reportedly poisoned in Essex .
An 80-year-old man has died after being hit by a car in Flintshire .
When the UK voted to leave the European Union , the pound fell sharply against the dollar .
Imagine a country with no water , no electricity and no way to feed its people .
The US news website Gawker has been ordered to pay Hulk Hogan an additional $15m -LRB- # 10m -RRB- for publishing a sex tape of the former professional wrestler .
Physicists say they have measured the distorted shape of an electron for the first time .
The biggest gaming show in the world , E3, is taking place in Los Angeles , America .
It is one of the world 's most important shipwrecks .
A man has admitted stealing a woman 's handbag after she fell to her death from a motorway bridge .
Hundreds of people have taken part in a walk in memory of murdered schoolgirl Paige Doherty .
Actor Ed Herrmann , best known for his role in US TV series Gilmore Girls , has died at the age of 83 .
The family of a woman found dead at a house have paid tribute to her as a  devoted mum '' .
Former world heavyweight champion Mike Tyson believes amateur boxers will beat professional boxers at the Rio Olympics .
Police in Washington DC have arrested a man suspected of killing a wealthy family and their housekeeper last week .
A former Chelsea youth player continues to make an impact in the Championship .
Ed Miliband has urged business leaders to back his call for the UK to stay in the European Union .
More than 1,000 homes in Greater Manchester are still without power following the weekend 's floods .
South African athlete Oscar Pistorius has been charged with the murder of his girlfriend at his home in Pretoria .
German carmaker Mercedes-Benz has said it will install a software fix in 500,000 cars to cut pollution .
Drugs with an estimated street value of # 1m have been seized in County Armagh .
A bid to re-tender a hospital 's fertility unit has been rejected .
A Hampshire town 's council has said it is  relieved '' the majority of sailors will remain in the area , but it will lose the economic benefits .
The European Commission has announced an aid package to help struggling farmers .
Cornish Pirates head coach Gavin Cattle says he was pleased with his side 's performance in their 63-0 win over Stade Francais .
The Confederation of African Football -LRB- Caf -RRB- is investigating after a club official appeared to strike an opponent 's coach with his arm .
Holders Chelsea Ladies suffered a shock Women 's FA Cup quarter-final defeat at Birmingham City .
At least four people have been killed and 40 wounded in two explosions on buses near the Kenyan capital , Nairobi , officials say .
A  ill-conceived '' housing development has been rejected by the government .
The results of Iran 's parliamentary elections have been announced .
Lock Jake Ball says he is  excited '' to make his first start for Wales since the 2015 World Cup .
Alloa Athletic boss Craig Goodwin says he is now able to manage both sides of the pitch after taking himself out of the team .
Denmark beat Austria on penalties to reach the final of the Women 's Euro 2017 in the Netherlands .
New Zealand 's prime minister says at least 82 people have been killed in a 6.3-magnitude earthquake in the city of Christchurch .
Islamic State -LRB- IS -RRB- has been accused of using chemical weapons against Kurdish fighters in northern Iraq .
The Davis Cup final will go ahead as planned , says the Belgian Tennis Federation -LRB- FTF -RRB- .
A man has been found guilty of being part of the UK 's  most serious breach '' of medicine control rules .
Lewis Hamilton says he is inspired by Muhammad Ali as he attempts to close the gap on Mercedes team-mate Nico Rosberg in the world title race .
At least 80 people are now known to have been killed by a bomb in the centre of the Norwegian capital , Oslo , and at a youth camp of the governing Labour Party on the island of Utoeya .
Tributes have been paid to a woman who died in a car crash .
Thirty years ago this week , the Herald of Free Enterprise set off from Zeebrugge in Belgium on its final journey .
Pop star Connor Smith has revealed he is gay in a video on his YouTube channel .
Paul O 'Grady has been offered a free night in Southend after reportedly making disparaging comments about the town on The Only Way is Essex .
Dan Biggar 's decision to commit to the Welsh Rugby Union -LRB- WRU -RRB- dual contract is  fabulous '' , says former Wales captain Martyn Williams .
Oil giant Shell has apologised after a group of men were filmed kissing a cardboard cutout of a female employee at one of its petrol stations in Malaysia .
French police have been involved in two major operations in the past few days .
It 's been a long time coming , but it 's finally here .
Israel is to remove controversial metal detectors it installed at a holy site in Jerusalem , the government says .
A European court has overturned fines imposed on 11 airlines by the European Commission for price fixing .
The UK is going to vote on whether or not to stay in or leave the European Union .
Lifeguards will be on duty at Camber Sands over the weekend following the deaths of five men in the sea .
Rail operator Arriva Trains Wales is to add extra trains into Cardiff , it has announced .
West Bromwich Albion manager Tony Pulis says striker Saido Berahino is as good as Tottenham 's Harry Kane or Leicester 's Jamie Vardy .
A Syrian journalist who worked for a group fighting the so-called Islamic State -LRB- IS -RRB- has been killed , the group says .
A man who tried to travel to Syria to fight with so-called Islamic State has been jailed for more than five years .
League Two side Mansfield Town have signed Colchester United striker Will Vaulks on a one-month loan deal .
Donald Trump 's victory in the US presidential election has brought an end to the rule of his predecessor , Barack Obama .
Scientists have created a new class of molecules that mimic the functions of DNA and RNA .
A team of quadruple amputees has become the first all-amputee crew to row an ocean .
Companies in the southern Indian city of Chennai -LRB- Chennai -RRB- and the city of Bangalore have declared a public holiday on Friday to celebrate the release of a new film starring popular Tamil star Rajinikanth .
Susie Wolff is to become Williams 's full-time test driver next year .
Bristol Rovers manager Darrell Clarke says he does not fear for his job despite the club 's recent takeover .
Alex Revell scored twice as MK Dons came from behind to beat Ipswich Town in the Championship play-off final .
Caitlyn Jenner , Angelina Jolie and Vogue editor Anna Wintour have been named in the BBC 's Women of the Year list .
Dame Sarah Storey won her 16th world Para-cycling time trial title .
Rex Tillerson is a climate change sceptic .
A sports journalist is in a critical condition in hospital after being attacked outside a Tube station .
A 25-year-old man has been arrested after a woman 's body was found .
Jonathan Sexton and Brian O'Driscoll have been passed fit for Ireland 's Test against New Zealand in Dublin .
Archaeologists have uncovered what is thought to be the remains of a 17th Century esplanade at Stirling Castle .
A senior Hindu priest in India has caused outrage by saying that allowing women to enter a temple would lead to an increase in rape .
Jen Welter is set to become the first female coach in NFL history after being appointed by the Arizona Cardinals .
Talks aimed at resolving a dispute over pay and conditions have been held in Aberdeen .
The world 's largest open-air music festival has taken place in China .
Wigan defender Ben Watson will miss the rest of the season after suffering a serious leg injury in Saturday 's 2-1 defeat at Liverpool .
Chelsea missed the chance to go top of the Premier League as they were held to a draw by Southampton .
The man who was suspended as the head of Wales ' patient watchdog raised concerns about the way he was being treated , BBC Wales has learned .
England 's victory over South Africa in the first Test at Lord 's was a remarkable achievement .
A set of previously unseen photographs of the Dambusters raids have been sold at auction .
An unexploded World War Two torpedo found in Portsmouth Harbour has been destroyed in a controlled explosion .
Irish police are investigating after a newborn baby girl was found in a car park in Dublin .
Manmohan Chand , the artist who created a rock garden in the northern Indian city of Chandigarh , has died at the age of 88 .
Sri Lanka batsman Kumar Sangakkara has announced his retirement from Test cricket .
Plans for a new main stand at Tynecastle have been approved by the Scottish government .
A man who admitted shining a laser pen at a police helicopter in Glasgow has been jailed for 14 months .
The chief executive of Malaysian Airlines , Christoph Mueller , has resigned .
A former Venezuelan football official has pleaded guilty in a US court in connection with the Fifa corruption scandal .
Nigeria 's footballing history is littered with success .
The Scots accent is  flourishing '' , according to a new study .
Have you got a question about the recent fall in the pound and rise of the FTSE 100 ?
US President Donald Trump has made a series of dramatic reversals on foreign policy .
The number of wild Bengal tigers living in the Sunderbans forest in Bangladesh and India has fallen to a new low , officials say .
A five-year-old Celtic fan has apologised to the club after missing his birthday party .
Police investigating an attempted child abduction have appealed for a taxi driver to come forward .
Sheffield United twice came from behind to beat Shrewsbury Town in League One .
In our series of letters from African journalists , Sharmila Tagore looks at India 's growing interest in chess boxing .
The mother of a nine-year-old boy with severe autism has said she is worried that other families will be left in the same situation .
EastEnders star Vicky McClure has said she was thrown off a tram after being wrongly accused of fare evasion .
The Scottish Football Association 's statement announcing that Gordon Strachan will remain in charge of the national team for the rest of the World Cup qualifying campaign , despite the team failing to win a game in Group F , did not mention money .
Scottish artist Robert Simpson has won the John Moores Painting Prize for the first time .
Poles living in the UK are marking All Saints Day by cleaning up and lighting candles at their relatives ' graves .
David Cameron has said a Russian plan to place Syria 's chemical weapons stockpiles under international control is  worth exploring '' .
Islamic State -LRB- IS -RRB- militants have attacked government-held areas in the eastern Syrian city of Deir al-Zour .
The European Court of Justice -LRB- EU -RRB- has ruled that EU nationals living in the UK should be allowed to stay after the UK leaves the EU .
Police Scotland 's call-handling system is  inadequate '' , the chief inspector of Constabulary has said .
The mother of a man who died after being hit by a car has paid tribute to him .
The first day-night County Championship match of the season ended in a draw as Derbyshire reached 161-4 at the end of day one .
The UK economy grew by 0.6% in the second quarter of the year , official figures have shown .
The head of the Rugby Coaches Association -LRB- RCA -RRB- says he is  concerned '' about the number of coaches being sacked during the Premiership season .
The Welsh Rugby Union -LRB- WRU -RRB- has defended the number of Welsh rugby players who have tested positive for performance-enhancing drugs .
A war hero has been honoured with a memorial in his home town of Eastbourne and Hailsham , East Sussex .
Spain 's banks need a total of 59bn euros -LRB- # 50bn -RRB- in state aid , the European Commission has said .
Marcus Rashford scored in extra time as Manchester United beat Anderlecht to reach the semi-finals of the Europa League .
More than 100 motorists were caught using a mobile phone while driving in the space of five days , police have said .
Welsh Secretary Alun Cairns has been giving evidence to the Welsh Affairs Select Committee .
Garry Ringrose has been likened to Brian O'Driscoll .
The government has been told it will not be able to fulfil a promise to provide an extra # 20m to deal with the legacy of the Troubles .
Scotland 's skills system is failing to meet the needs of the country 's economy , according to a new report .
Selma director Ava DuVernay has praised the makers of Gods of Egypt after they apologised for the film 's lack of diversity .
Here is David Cameron 's statement on becoming prime minister .
The Welsh government 's support for a universal basic income is  worrying '' , a leading economist has said .
Tammy Beaumont 's unbeaten 67 helped Surrey Stars to victory over Yorkshire Diamonds in the Women 's Super League .
The Shepton Mallet cider mill is to close with the loss of 90 jobs , it has been announced .
At least one person has been killed and several others injured in a train crash near the Belgian city of Liege , officials say .
Robert Lewandowski scored twice as Poland beat Romania in a 2018 World Cup qualifier that was briefly halted after the striker was struck by a firework .
A Red Cross volunteer who helped survivors of the Shoreham air disaster has been awarded an MBE .
The brother of Sri Lanka 's former president has been charged with corruption over the discovery of a huge arms haul off the coast .
Plans to expand Swansea 's Liberty Stadium are still on the table , the council leader has said .
Graffiti artist Banksy has been nominated for a South Bank Sky Arts Award .
If David Warner stays on the Ashes tour , it will be a huge boost for Australia .
New Motherwell signing Stephen Pearson hopes his Indian Super League experience will help him settle in at Fir Park .
A shopper has been praised by police for hitting a shoplifter with a packet of bacon .
The creator of The Simpsons has said the show is set in a town called Springfield .
A West Midlands Police officer who sexually assaulted two women while on duty has been jailed for two years .
The battle to retake Mosul from so-called Islamic State -LRB- IS -RRB- has been described as a  battle for the soul of the city '' .
The head of the Liberian Football Association has threatened to take Fifa to court if the man in charge of next month 's presidential election does not step aside because of a  conflict of interest '' .
A legal challenge to the election of Orkney and Shetland MP Alistair Carmichael has been thrown out .
The University of Aberdeen has unveiled a new supercomputer which it says is among the UK 's most powerful .
Manchester City came from 2-0 down to beat Bayern Munich and finish second in Champions League Group D .
The deputy first minister has said his mother was shocked when she found out he was an IRA member .
A blanket ban on so-called legal highs is to be introduced in England and Wales , the government has announced .
John O'Shea scored the winner as Chesterfield came from behind to beat Port Vale .
US Secretary of State John Kerry has made a historic visit to the Somali capital , Mogadishu .
The Indian government has refused permission for a documentary to be shown at a food festival in the western city of Mumbai .
Sam Warburton says Wales must  take a few risks '' in Saturday 's first Test against New Zealand .
A symposium on the impact of the Charlie Hebdo attack in France has been cancelled .
The Archbishop of Dublin, Diarmuid Martin , has called for an apology from the Catholic Church over the  terrible mistakes '' of the past .
Johnny Depp 's former managers have accused the actor of using his wealth to fund a lavish lifestyle .
Britain 's Liam Heath won his first World Cup race of the season with victory in the men 's single kayak 200m .
A teenage cyclist accused of killing a woman in a hit-and-run crash blamed her for the collision on an online forum , a court has heard .
Two security guards have been left badly shaken after an armed robbery at a cash machine outside a Royal Bank of Scotland branch in Glasgow .
Labour has won the Cardiff North seat from the Conservatives .
As I returned from a two-week trip to Asia , I was struck by how quickly things have changed .
Retired firefighters in Wales are to be paid back millions of pounds in compensation .
An out-of-control bushfire is threatening homes in a suburb of Perth , Australia .
Plans for a visitor centre at the site of the Battle of Naseby have been given a boost .
They are the most successful Olympic couples in British history .
A Brazilian footballer who survived Monday 's plane crash in Colombia is recovering in hospital .
The coroner for Cornwall has written to the health secretary calling for an urgent review of the way mental health patients are cared for .
A woman was  brutally murdered '' by her ex-boyfriend and his girlfriend , a court has heard .
A statue of a chainmaker has been unveiled in a Black Country park .
Hundreds of people have attended a public consultation on plans to improve the A40 in Oxfordshire .
Two people have been arrested on suspicion of attempted murder after a police officer was stabbed while trying to break up a fight .
A group of Commonwealth-born Britons have written to David Cameron calling for the UK to leave the European Union .
A PhD student at Glasgow University is using cutting-edge technology to help treat people with facial paralysis .
In the run-up to next year 's assembly election , Northern Ireland 's politicians have been outlining their plans for local government .
John Hardie is sitting in a dark room in a building called Lockhart 's gaff .
Black Friday sales helped boost UK retail sales in November , according to official figures .
A chronology of key events in the sale of Nama 's Northern Ireland loan portfolio .
Singer Ed Sheeran has donated his clothes and accessories to charity shops .
An eight-year-old Indian girl who went missing two weeks ago has been found safe and well , police say .
Two window cleaners have been rescued from the top of New York 's tallest skyscraper after a cable holding a platform to the roof broke .
The UK 's policy on climate change is  perverse '' , the UN 's climate chief has said .
Aberdeen have appointed Arbroath boss Paul Sheerin as their new manager .
Gaston Ramirez scored his first Premier League goal of the season as Middlesbrough beat Bournemouth at the Riverside Stadium .
Former Minnesota Vikings captain Jared Allen has announced his retirement from football .
Police searching for a missing man have said he has been spotted in London .
The world 's fastest-growing economy , Ivory Coast has a huge potential for young people .
A man who absconded from prison has been arrested by police .
The mayor of London , Boris Johnson , had to be rescued after getting stuck on a zip wire .
The Tanzania Football Federation -LRB- TFF -RRB- has submitted an application to join Fifa .
What can we do to improve the air around us ?
Gareth O'Brien 's late drop-goal gave Salford victory over Hull KR in the Qualifiers .
The children 's book series Charlie and the Chocolate Factory has just been released in the UK .
A sculpture by the late Dame Zaha Hadid has gone on display at Chatsworth House as part of an exhibition of contemporary art .
A 19-year-old man has been seriously injured after falling from a balcony in Brighton .
Playwright James Graham has said he is working on a TV drama about the EU referendum campaign .
A charity is to receive a grant from the estate of Cumbrian hillwalker William Wainwright .
Manager Richie Foran says Saturday 's game against Ross County is the biggest of his career .
Lancashire head coach Ashley Giles says his side have been given a  wake-up call '' by their poor form .
When Leicester City won the Premier League title last season , it was hailed as the greatest sporting achievement in the city 's history .
Almost half of athletes at the 2011 World Athletics Championships said they had taken banned substances , according to research published in the Lancet .
Britain 's Andy Murray and Dan Evans both won in straight sets to reach the fourth round of the Australian Open .
The family of a man stabbed to death after being hit by a car in Manchester have paid tribute to him .
All pictures are copyrighted..Continued below ..
Pro-Russian rebels in eastern Ukraine have ordered UN aid agencies to leave the rebel-held city of Luhansk , the UN humanitarian chief has said .
Millions of taxpayers have until midnight to pay their tax bills and renew their tax credits .
The University of Oxford is to commission the first portraits of women and people with disabilities to be painted on its walls .
GAA director general Eugene Duffy has published a discussion paper calling for the abolition of the inter-county Under-21 Football championship .
Brexit Secretary David Davis has said he is  taking the interests of Wales extremely seriously '' .
Joseph Clark , also known as Oey , was a football fan from Liverpool .
US President-elect Donald Trump has spoken directly to the president of Taiwan for the first time .
Bus drivers in Dorset are set to strike in a row over pay .
The US Department of Defence has recalled nearly all of its civilian employees who had stopped work due to the government shutdown .
Arsene Wenger says local players like Aaron Ramsey , Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain and Kieran Gibbs must take charge if Arsenal are to survive without him .
Cleethorpes Pier has been bought by a local businessman .
Toshiba 's US nuclear unit Westinghouse has filed for bankruptcy protection .
Newcastle United have signed former France international Anthony Reveillere on a one-year deal .
GPs in England should be allowed to spend more time with patients , the British Medical Association has said .
It 's the story of a 16-year-old boy who says he 's lucky to be alive .
The remains of a medieval castle have been uncovered during excavation work for a new museum .
Jordan Spieth 's dramatic collapse in the final round of the Masters will  scar him '' , says three-time champion Sir Nick Faldo .
The Syrian government says it will allow the evacuation of the last rebel-held district in the central city of Homs .
At least 23 people have been killed in a bomb blast in the north-eastern Nigerian town of Monguno , a local MP has told the BBC .
Hundreds of people have taken part in a protest against cuts to children 's centres in Oxfordshire .
More than 1,000 people have been forced to leave their homes as a huge wildfire rages in northern California , officials say .
Lord Avebury , the Liberal Democrat peer and former MP , has died at the age of 82 .
Adam Lyth hit his first Championship century of the season to help Yorkshire fight back against Surrey at the Oval .
People living near a prison have been asked to come forward if they see contraband being thrown over the wall .
The funeral of a woman who was stabbed to death with her daughter and her partner has been held .
An international tribunal has ruled against China 's claims in the South China Sea , in a case brought by the Philippines .
The Uganda Football Association -LRB- Fufa -RRB- says it is  committed '' to clearing coach Milutin Sredojevic 's salary arrears .
Wolverhampton Wanderers moved up to third in the Championship with victory over Cambridge United .
Sussex 's Luke Wells believes he is a better player than he was three years ago .
When Boris Nemtsov was shot dead in February , he said he had been working on a report on Russia 's role in the conflict in eastern Ukraine .
US Secretary of State John Kerry has said China 's militarisation of territory in the South China Sea is a  serious concern '' .
Two 13-year-old boys have been arrested on suspicion of child pornography offences .
Inspectors have criticised the quality of care at Dumfries and Galloway Royal Infirmary for older people .
The Forth Bridge has been given Unesco World Heritage status .
Game of Thrones actress Gwendoline Christie is to star in the BBC 's Top of the Lake: China Girl .
Lonmin , one of the world 's biggest platinum producers , has said it plans to raise $ 2bn -LRB- # 1bn -RRB- in a rights issue to shore up its finances .
A man has denied killing a man who was found dead in Windermere .
Scientists have used the sticky mucus of a slug to create a new type of medical glue .
The authorities in South Africa are searching for a lion that escaped from a national park on Tuesday .
Cuba 's leader has condemned US President Donald Trump 's new policy towards the island .
Scientists say they are a step closer to developing a therapy that could replace antibiotics in farm animals .
Barack Obama 's presidential library will be built in his hometown of Chicago , according to US media reports .
A man and a woman have been jailed for selling drugs on the dark web marketplace Silk Road .
A memorial to aircrew who served in Bomber Command has been targeted by vandals for the second time in a year .
Business Secretary Sajid Javid has said women who suffer during their periods should be given extra leave days .
Paul Duffy has been appointed as the new head coach of Featherstone Rovers .
About 200 people have attended a mass in Glasgow to remember the victims of the Italian earthquake .
The Liberal Democrats have gained Chester from the Conservatives .
The England and Wales Cricket Board -LRB- ECB -RRB- has announced major changes to the county season .
The Court of Arbitration for Sport -LRB- CAS -RRB- has called for a  clean up '' of the private parking industry in Scotland .
Reading for pleasure can boost mental and physical health , a report says .
The president of the Royal Society has called on the government to guarantee that EU citizens will be able to stay in the UK after Brexit .
A man has been charged with causing the death by dangerous driving of a four-year-old girl in a crash .
Germany 's Andre Greipel sprinted to victory on the opening stage of the Tour of Britain .
The education secretary 's speech to the National Association of Head Teachers -LRB- NAHT -RRB- was meant to be a chance for her to reassure head teachers that the government is listening to their concerns .
Labour is the official opposition in the House of Commons , the Speaker has ruled .
The mother of a five-year-old boy who has gone missing with his father has appealed for help to find him .
A man accused of murdering his ex-girlfriend sent a text message to a friend minutes after she was found dead , a court has heard .
A bubble tea chain has said it will pay its trainees the minimum wage after it was criticised for offering free training .
The former head of the International Monetary Fund , Rodrigo Rato , and a former bank president have gone on trial in Spain on fraud charges .
Samsung is to allow ad-blockers to be added to its Android mobile browser .
A fourth cat has died after eating antifreeze , the RSPCA has said .
Helen Jenkins should be selected for Great Britain 's triathlon team for the Rio Olympics , says former world champion Non Stanford .
An Australian lifeguard has been praised for saving the life of a Danish prince while on holiday .
A farmer who killed an 11-year-old boy by backing his tractor into him has been jailed .
Telusa Veainu scored two tries as Leicester earned a bonus-point win over Benetton Treviso in the European Champions Cup .
Southend United manager Phil Brown has appealed against the red card he received in his side 's 2-0 defeat by Gillingham .
Cardiff City have signed Wycombe Wanderers winger Kadeem Harris for an undisclosed fee .
South Africa completed a Twenty20 series whitewash over England with a seven-wicket win in the second match .
A Denbighshire leisure centre which closed last year is set to reopen .
A court in Poland has sentenced a former university professor to 20 years in jail for plotting to bomb the presidential palace .
The World Snooker Players ' Association has voted to keep the Shoot Out as a ranking event .
A chronology of key events , as Iceland votes to leave the European Union .
Two teenagers have been arrested on suspicion of causing unnecessary suffering to a donkey .
Three migrants have died in the space of a week at a camp on the Greek island of Lesbos , aid groups have said .
Former Rangers captain Barry Ferguson says he is  not ready '' to become a manager .
The Mexican Congress has approved tougher sentences for those who kidnap .
A killer who stabbed a woman to death in a hostel had  unbelievable strength '' , an inquest has heard .
Silverstone is to end its contract to host the British Grand Prix after 2019 .
Sunderland have sold striker Sebastian Scocco to Argentine side Newell 's Old Boys for an undisclosed fee .
Kilmarnock climbed off the bottom of the Scottish Premiership with victory over Hearts at Rugby Park .
An  obscene '' podcast has been broadcast on a number of US radio stations after a remote transmitter was hacked .
A 25-year-old man has admitted murdering his girlfriend at a hotel .
Rock stars have paid tribute to Status Quo 's Rick Parfitt , who has died at the age of 69 .
Louis van Gaal has been sacked as manager of Manchester United .
A man has died after a hang-gliding crash in East Sussex .
The Official Chart Show is to move to a new time slot and will be broadcast live on CBBC , it has been announced .
Police are investigating the rape of a woman in west Belfast .
The NHS in England is  withering away '' under the Conservatives , a group of doctors and public health experts has warned .
A study has suggested that burning the Amazon rainforest every three years may be the key to halting the loss of trees .
A collection of ochre paint kits found in a cave in South Africa is rewriting the history of human creativity .
The number of people making daily commutes of more than two hours is on the rise , according to official figures .
Quiet , solo thinking is unpleasant enough to make people want to do something unpleasant , research suggests .
Richard Clarke Neville , the co-founder of the Australian magazine Oz , has died aged 83 , his wife Julie Clarke Neville has said .
An exhibition of work by people with disabilities has opened in Wrexham .
NHS Lothian has apologised to a woman who was contacted on Facebook by a hospital cleaner .
A hall earmarked for closure has re-opened after a campaign to save it .
A blood test could help detect ovarian cancer early , say US researchers .
Torquay United have signed former Tranmere Rovers defender Ben Davies on a two-year deal .
Germany 's Michael Jung won the Badminton Horse Trials on La Biosthetique to complete a Grand Slam .
Former world champion John Surtees has criticised Lewis Hamilton 's opposition to the 'halo ' head protection system .
Plans to make webcasting of council meetings a  statutory requirement '' have been announced .
It 's been a difficult few weeks for senior civil servants in the government .
Scotland 's Deputy First Minister John Swinney has submitted a new proposal to the UK Treasury on the fiscal framework for new devolved powers .
Fast food giant McDonald 's is being accused of abusing its dominant position in the European franchise market .
Sir Neville Marriner , one of the UK 's leading classical musicians , has died at the age of 93 .
Sports journalist Peter Corrigan has died at the age of 74 .
Dog owners in Oxford could be banned from walking their pets in the city centre .
Oxford United have extended the loan of Everton midfielder George Kenny until the end of the season .
A three-year-old boy has died on a farm in Maguiresbridge , County Fermanagh .
A man has been arrested after two police officers were shot dead in the US state of Iowa .
The Yo messaging app , which has been hailed as a game-changer in Silicon Valley , has been taken offline .
A series of underground tunnels built to house immigrants during World War II have been uncovered .
Scottish singer-songwriter Gerry Rafferty has died at the age of 69 .
Liverpool fans are to be asked if they support safe standing at Anfield .
Edrington Group has announced that Crawford Gillies is to take over as chairman from John Murray .
As the Vale of Rheidol tourist railway celebrates its 120th anniversary , BBC Wales ' Aled ap Dafydd meets some of its young staff .
The prominent Russian journalist Alexander Tsilikin has been found stabbed to death at his home in St Petersburg .
Sitting for long periods of time has been linked with the ageing process , a study suggests .
At least one person has been killed and several others injured in an explosion in southern Spain , officials say .
A former TV studios in Manchester is being turned into a music studio .
The Winchburgh railway tunnel is to be closed for six weeks for major upgrade work .
The chief executive of a health trust criticised by inspectors has resigned .
One of the biggest banks in the world , Deutsche Bank , has issued a gloomy assessment of the UK economy .
A British man has been found dead in Myanmar .
At least 10 people have been killed in shelling at a school in the rebel-held eastern Ukrainian city of Donetsk , officials say .
School admissions arrangements in England are too complicated , says the schools adjudicator .
A man who set fire to his sister in a  horror movie '' attack has been jailed for life .
Derry City secured their place in the Premier Division play-offs with a 2-1 win over Bohemians at Maginn Park .
A man who has been on the run for 17 years has been ordered to be extradited to Albania to face murder charges .
League Two side Leyton Orient have signed midfielder Yann Kermorgant from Chesterfield for an undisclosed fee .
The world 's biggest technology companies are about to get into the wearable health business .
Motorists are being urged to take extra care on the roads over the Easter weekend .
Kimi Raikkonen headed a Ferrari one-two in final practice at the Belgian Grand Prix .
Richard Keogh 's first-half header was enough to give Derby County victory over Grimsby Town .
A 25-year-old man has been jailed for 12 years for raping a 15-year- old girl in a park .
Head coach Marc LeFebvre says he is proud of Dundee Stars for making it to the Elite League play-offs .
Tens of thousands of people have marched through central London in the Pride parade .
West Ham have signed an agreement to take over the running of the club 's women 's team .
A children 's website is among the nominees for this year 's Bafta Children 's Awards .
A man has gone on trial accused of setting fire to a house in the Scottish Highlands .
Plans for a glass lift to the top of the Humber Bridge have been unveiled to mark its 40th anniversary .
The Scottish government has welcomed plans in the Queen 's Speech to give Holyrood more powers after Brexit .
Scientists have developed a new type of plastic that could be used in space .
Wales have qualified for the Euro 2016 finals in France for the first time since 1958 .
Doctors treating Formula 1 driver Jules Bianchi who suffered severe head injuries in a crash at the 2014 Japanese Grand Prix have said it is a  miracle '' he is still alive .
It 's one of the oldest cricket clubs in the country .
Prince Harry has shared a photo of himself with some of the children he met during a visit to Africa .
Some police stations in Bedfordshire could be closed and officers moved to public buildings and supermarkets , the county 's police and crime commissioner has said .
A fire authority has been ordered to carry out an investigation into allegations of  serious and persistent '' misconduct , the home secretary has said .
Fleetwood Town have signed Morecambe defender Joe Edwards on a two-year deal .
Police in the western Indian city of Mumbai have arrested a man who was seen walking with the severed head of his wife .
Oldham Athletic manager Karl Robinson hopes the club 's transfer embargo will be lifted next week .
Saracens have a  fresh page '' to write after winning the Premiership and European Champions Cup in May , says captain Brad Barritt .
A fossilised skeleton of a meat-eating dinosaur has been sold at auction in the US .
Police in the US city of Dallas have searched the headquarters of their department , but found nothing .
A group of former military commanders have written to David Cameron warning that cuts to the armed forces have left Britain  dangerously exposed '' .
Formula 1 test driver Maria de Villota has lost her right eye in a crash .
Hans Ulrich Obrist has been named the world 's most influential contemporary art figure .
The government 's plans to cut legal aid in criminal cases in England and Wales are  deeply flawed '' , the head of the Bar Council has said .
Police in the southern Indian city of Bangalore have rescued a red sand boa constrictor that was being sold on the black market .
Sydney 's iconic Opera House and Harbour Bridge have been switched off as part of Earth Hour .
Belgium 's Serge Pauwels won the Tour de Yorkshire for the second year in a row .
Fifa president Sepp Blatter said he had  never lost my mind '' as he apologised to football 's world governing body .
A  heavy gambler '' murdered his friend and dismembered his body before disposing of the body parts in a suitcase , a court has heard .
A DNA test has failed to identify a man whose remains were found on a motorway .
A man has been charged with attempted murder after a police officer was stabbed during a traffic stop .
Ed Miliband has rejected claims that the general election is a referendum on the Scottish National Party -LRB- SNP -RRB- .
Diego Simeone has signed a new five-year contract with Atletico Madrid .
A campaign to create an elected mayor for south east Wales has failed to meet its target , it has been claimed .
The Chinese government is using a  coercive '' approach to tackle corruption , according to the author and former BBC China correspondent Robert McGregor .
James Anderson has become England 's leading wicket-taker in one-day internationals .
Kyle Bartley says Leeds United 's recent improvement has been down to the influence of manager Pep Guardiola .
A man has admitted killing his neighbour after breaking into his home .
-LRB- Close -RRB- .
The former first minister of Scotland has revealed he fell down a drain in Malawi .
England captain Sean O 'Loughlin has backed the appointment of Australian Wayne Bennett as head coach of the national side .
A murder investigation has been launched after the body of a 41-year-old man was found in Aberdeen .
Jazz Carlin says she has been working with a sports psychologist after becoming the first Welsh woman to win two Olympic medals .
Stoke City manager Mark Hughes has dismissed speculation linking striker Peter Crouch with a move to West Bromwich Albion .
Defence Secretary Michael Fallon has opened a new military rehabilitation centre at St George 's Hospital .
England 's middle-order collapsed for the second time in four days as they lost to India A by eight wickets in the second one-day international in Mumbai .
China 's Chen Long won Olympic gold in the men 's -105kg weightlifting .
Former Wales and British and Irish Lions lock John Faull has died at the age of 83 .
A couple from Falkirk , Scotland 's biggest lottery winner , have spoken of their shock .
National League strugglers Guiseley have signed midfielder Joel Taylor on a one-month loan deal from Premier League side Burnley .
At Dumfries Prison , inmates are kept in tiny cells .
England 's Chris Woakes , Ben Duckett and Toby Roland-Jones have been named in the Wisden Cricketers ' Almanack .
Labour leader Jeremy Corbyn has appointed Jo Glass as shadow education secretary following the resignation of Lucy Powell .
Five former Argentine military officials have gone on trial in the capital , Buenos Aires .
Jayaram Jayalalitha , the chief minister of the southern Indian state of Tamil Nadu , has died at the age of 66 .
Plans to build up to 300,000 new homes in Greater Manchester have been delayed , the BBC has learned .
A cash-strapped NHS group is considering suspending non-urgent hospital services , gluten free foods and some over-the-counter medicines .
A prison officer who was injured in a dissident republican bomb attack has died in hospital .
The Royal Opera House in London was evacuated during a performance after a fire alarm went off .
People in Bristol have been complaining about the smell of vinegar .
The Scottish government is appealing for survivors of the HMS Lancastria disaster to apply for a commemorative medal .
The last surviving member of Adolf Hitler 's inner circle has died at the age of 95 .
There has been a rise in the number of people convicted of animal cruelty offences , according to the RSPCA .
The number of people claiming unemployment-related benefits in Scotland rose by 15,000 between April and June .
Manchester United 's Zlatan Ibrahimovic has defended team-mate Paul Pogba after he was criticised by fans for his social media use .
An Indian woman who says she was forced into marriage in Pakistan has returned home .
A court in the Philippines has found a US marine guilty of killing a transgender woman .
The public inquiry into undercover policing in England and Wales will be open to requests for anonymity , the High Court has ruled .
As the Fifa corruption scandal rumbles on , some of the world 's biggest and best-known companies are threatening to pull out of their sponsorship deals with football 's world governing body .
A number of changes have been made to draft guidelines on abortion for the NHS in Northern Ireland .
A woman has been shot dead in what police believe was a targeted attack .
Great Britain have named a 23-strong squad for the World Cup regatta in Florida .
Shelley Kerr 's appointment as Scotland women 's head coach is a  great step '' for the game , according to Motherwell striker Liz Grant .
In 1942 , Mahatma Gandhi was living in the western Indian state of Maharashtra .
A baby died after medics failed to spot signs of distress in his mother , an inquest has heard .
A British man has broken the world record for bouncing on a pogo stick .
There is a  significant gap '' between the number of people who need help after being sexually abused and the availability of services , the NSPCC has said .
The most accurate way to throw a ball is to release it slowly , a study suggests .
An outbreak of E. coli in France has been linked to sprout seeds sold in the UK .
Tanzania 's President Jakaya Kikwete has sacked a minister over allegations that she took $1m -LRB- # 700,000 -RRB- from a government escrow account .
Coach Warren Gatland has denied Wales ' players have been banned from drinking alcohol during the World Cup .
A public consultation on the location of a nuclear waste dump in Scotland has opened .
A drug used to treat type-2 diabetes has been shown to extend the lifespan of mice .
Tennis star Jamie Murray has been recognised in the Queen 's Birthday Honours list .
An investigation has been launched into the police response to a call from a 72-year-old man who was later found dead at a sheltered housing complex .
As the new year beckons , business leaders are looking ahead to the coming 12 months .
Ferguslie Park in Renfrewshire is the most deprived area in Scotland , according to official figures .
Liverpool midfielder Joe Allen is a bird-watcher .
A new law has come into force in Russia that tightens government control over the internet .
A fugitive who inflicted life-changing injuries on his five-month-old son has been jailed .
Armed police evacuated a coach on the M6 Toll after reports of a  suspicious package '' .
Nurses , pharmacists and other health staff could be brought in to fill gaps in the NHS in England .
A Bill Cosby special on Netflix has been cancelled after more allegations of sexual assault were made against the comedian .
The County Down-based Norbrook Group has appointed Paul Nagle as its new chief executive .
Jockey George Best has been moved out of intensive care after suffering a bleed on the brain following a fall in a race in Switzerland .
When England play Russia in their opening match of the European Championship on Friday , it will be important that we get off to a good start .
The verdict in the trial of prominent republican Thomas 'Slab ' Murphy has been adjourned until next week .
A teenager who killed a 15-year-old boy at an Aberdeen school has been jailed for eight years .
Three men have been jailed for child sex offences in Hertfordshire .
The owners of Silverstone have abandoned plans to sell the British Grand Prix circuit .
Women in Nepal face a lot of discrimination when passing down citizenship to their children , specially in the absence of the father or if the father is not a Nepali citizen , writes the BBC 's Surendra Phuyal .
The EY Item Club has cut its growth forecasts for the UK economy in the wake of the Brexit vote .
Voting has begun in the general election in Merseyside .
The Dark Knight has been named best film at the Empire Awards .
The Indian Premier League kicks off on 25 April , with Mumbai Indians taking on Kings XI Punjab at the Wankhede Stadium in Mumbai .
Liberal Democrat leader Nick Clegg was speaking at the Conservative Party conference on Wednesday night .
Romania 's Prime Minister Sorin Grindeanu has lost a vote of no confidence in parliament .
Barcelona have paid 13m euros -LRB- # 13m -RRB- to the Spanish tax authorities to settle an investigation into the signing of Brazil forward Neymar .
A racoon has been rescued after scaling the roof of a house .
UN investigators are considering publishing the names of suspected war criminals in Syria , the BBC understands .
Former England captain Michael Vaughan believes the current one-day side can reach the semi-finals of the World Cup .
Bristol Rovers midfielder Ryan Broom has signed a new one-year contract with the League One club .
Sri Lanka has launched an investigation into allegations of match-fixing in a one-day international against England .
Lizzy Yarnold 's Olympic skeleton title is the latest in a long line of British success .
Wales rugby player Liam Williams has apologised after a photo of him dressed as a black footballer was posted on social media .
A decision on plans for up to 2,000 homes on greenbelt land in Guildford has been delayed .
Brazilian airline Latam has said it is suspending flights to Venezuela because of the country 's economic crisis .
Israel has said it regrets the harm caused to Palestinian civilians during the 2014 war in Gaza .
The second group of Syrian refugees have arrived in Londonderry .
The governor of the US state of Indiana has defended a controversial new law that has sparked a national outcry .
Eleven people have been arrested in connection with a landslide at a landfill in southern China .
Amnesty International has criticised the EU 's plan to send migrants back to Turkey .
The bodies of a Syrian family have been found washed up on a beach near the Turkish resort of Bodrum .
Transport Minister Chris Hazzard has announced plans to extend the hours of bus lanes in Belfast .
The owner of Argos has reported a fall in sales , but said it is  pleased '' with its performance .
BBC Northern Ireland 's Spotlight programme has won the Scoop Of The Year award at the Royal Television Society Awards .
A number of teachers have stood silently at the doors of classrooms at a school in County Tyrone .
Liverpool manager Jurgen Klopp accepted responsibility for his side 's 3-1 defeat by Sevilla in the Europa League final .
A searchable database of care homes in England has been launched on a government website .
Justin Bieber is being investigated by police over an alleged hit-and-run incident .
A deal to speed up the launch of fourth generation -LRB- 4G -RRB- mobile services in the UK is expected to be agreed at a meeting later .
A UKIP parliamentary candidate has apologised after appearing to question the cost of treating British HIV sufferers .
Manchester United were knocked out of the Europa League in the first leg of their last-16 tie at Olympiakos .
A man arrested in connection with the murder of a schoolgirl more than 50 years ago has been released on bail .
Saracens boss Mark McCall says he would be  devastated '' if one of his players had punched Scarlets prop James Davies , but Wayne Pivac has defended the Welshman .
Highways England is considering a southern bypass as an alternative to a tunnel around Stonehenge , the BBC has learned .
Britain 's Bryony English has won a silver medal in the women 's trampolining .
If you 're reading the papers today , you 'd be forgiven for thinking the Stormont crisis is over .
BBC Sport will bring you live coverage of South Shields v Bridlington Town in the first round of the FA Cup .
A red kite has been shot dead in North Yorkshire , the sixth such incident in two months .
Edinburgh City Council has said it is  100% committed '' to building a cycle path across the city .
Police forces in England and Wales are rationing their response to victims of crime , inspectors have warned .
Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad has called for an end to violence in Syria .
An off-duty police officer who was called to a pub in Glasgow city centre took to the stage for a karaoke performance .
British sailor Alex Thomson has moved into third place in the Vendee Globe .
Work on a new road to ease congestion in a Carmarthenshire town will start by the end of 2019 , it has been announced .
Belgian cyclist Robbert van den Driessche has been banned for six months after being found guilty of technological fraud '' .
The UN has condemned a Russian incursion into Turkish airspace on Saturday , saying it was a violation of the country 's sovereignty .
Liverpool have completed the signing of Sunderland midfielder Jordan Henderson .
The length of time people are held at Brook House immigration removal centre has increased , a report has found .
Mikheil Saakashvili is a man of few words .
Leeds Rhinos ' Grand Final win was a fitting send-off for their departing captains , says head coach Brian McDermott .
A man who died after taking a hallucinogenic drug would have survived if he had not taken it , a sheriff has ruled .
Several Jewish community centres across the US have received threats of a bomb attack , officials say .
A man who put his  green monster '' pushchair up for sale on eBay has sold it for # 20,000 .
Worcestershire director of cricket Steve Rhodes says the decision to change the wickets at New Road has been a success .
Iran 's controversial Evin prison is to be turned into a park , the mayor of Tehran has said .
The American Civil Liberties Union -LRB- ACLU -RRB- is suing the US military over its ban on women serving in combat .
Royal Mail 's shares have fallen sharply after it reported a fall in half-year profits .
Gunmen have attacked a police station in the southern Afghan province of Helmand , killing at least 11 people , officials say .
A woman is in a critical condition after being repeatedly stabbed in the neck in a town in northern Germany .
Jockey Ryan Moore has been ruled out for the rest of the season with a shoulder injury .
Bradford 's unbeaten start to the season came to an end with a 1-0 defeat at Oxford .
The official anthem of England 's 1966 World Cup team has been released after 34 years .
Police are trying to identify a man whose body was found in a park on Christmas Day .
Immigrants should learn Welsh if they want to live and work in Wales , MPs have said .
Technology giants Apple and Facebook are to offer their US employees the option to freeze their eggs .
A woman who painted red and white stripes on her west London home is taking legal action against the council .
The Secretary of State , Theresa Villiers , has granted the Northern Ireland Executive extra powers to borrow money to pay off a redundancy scheme .
An industrial fuel additive was found in a breast implant made by a French company at the centre of a global health scare , according to a French TV report .
It 's one of the world 's most colourful political dramas .
Cannabis plants with an estimated street value of # 1m have been found in a disused cinema in Fife .
The number of psychiatric patients being discharged from hospital in England is falling , according to new figures .
Chris Gunter believes Wales can emulate their predecessors and qualify for Euro 2016 .
A Catholic priest is to stand trial accused of abusing pupils at a school in Inverness .
A robot designed by a Scottish student is to be part of the inaugural Xpo North design festival .
A teenager has been jailed for life for stabbing a man to death in south-east London .
Scott Waites says his second BDO World Championship title is a reward for his recovery from a shoulder injury .
Leicester Riders are aiming to add the British Basketball League trophy to the Premier League title they won on Monday .
Some household products are getting smaller , according to research by a consumer group .
A man had part of his fingers severed while in police custody .
Passengers are being encouraged to stand on both sides of an escalator in a bid to reduce queuing .
Police investigating the death of a man in west Belfast have appealed for witnesses .
It is a familiar sight in South Sudan 's capital , Juba , in the morning : a steady stream of cars parked on the street .
Is it snow in Kolkata , India 's capital city ?
More than 30 people , including young children and elderly residents , had to be evacuated from their homes after a fire in West Lothian .
Demolition work on the site of the collapsed Didcot A Power Station has been completed .
One of the world 's largest bitcoin trading platforms , Bitfinex , has been hacked .
More than 1,000 children have been sexually abused in Rotherham , the BBC has learned .
A prison where two inmates escaped through a cell window is  inhumane '' , a watchdog has said .
In the grounds of Maidenhead United 's Whaddon Road stadium , former Premier League striker Fraizer Campbell is making a fresh start .
President Donald Trump 's new interior secretary , Ryan Zinke , has been sworn in on horseback .
Teachers in Wales are to be given more support to improve the quality of their work .
The number of people killed in an attack on a Libyan airbase has risen to 140 , a military spokesman has said .
Pepper , the humanoid robot that talks to people , is to be deployed in two hospitals in Belgium .
Manager Mark Sampson has named his England squad for a two-match training camp in Spain in January .
The Premier League table is starting to take shape after the international break .
The government has pledged to increase the use of biomass in the UK 's energy mix .
Manchester United goalkeeper Victor Valdes has been released by Belgian club Standard Liege .
The investigation into a hit-and-run crash involving Tour de France champion Chris Froome is  partially closed '' .
A Citron car dealership has been damaged in a suspected arson attack .
It 's been a long time coming , but it 's finally here .
The Duchess of Cambridge is expecting her first child with husband Prince George .
Tesco has reported another rise in sales , as it continues to cut prices to win back customers .
A sudden increase in the number of leatherback turtles has been reported off the coast of Wales , marine experts have said .
Pictures have been released of the aftermath of a tsunami in Greenland .
The US has released a Kuwaiti man from the Guantanamo Bay detention centre , the first detainee to be freed since May .
Northern Ireland 's Paddy Donnelly is through to the quarter-finals of the men 's Olympic light-flyweight boxing after beating Cuba 's Yader Abreu .
The search for the remains of the 150 people killed in the Germanwings plane crash in the French Alps is continuing , prosecutors say .
A group representing the UK 's mosques says it is working to improve standards at madrassas .
A section of the M1 was closed after a plane was forced to make an emergency landing .
The US Federal Reserve has raised interest rates for the second time this year .
A hacker has claimed to have taken control of Norwich International Airport 's information website .
An environmental charity has won a legal challenge against plans for four offshore wind farms .
The airline industry in Wales is set to benefit from a # 7m loan from the Welsh government .
The number of people receiving social care in England has fallen to its lowest level since records began , figures show .
A pair of original cels from Walt Disney 's classic film Snow White have sold at auction for more than # 20,000 .
The music of composer John Williams is to be celebrated at this year 's BBC Proms , with a performance in London 's Royal Albert Hall .
Great Britain 's Marcus Ellis and Chris Langridge won gold in the men 's doubles in Rio .
David Haye says he will accept any punishment from the British Boxing Board of Control for his post-fight comments about Tony Bellew .
As the final whistle sounded at the Stade de Lyon , the Welsh anthem was played over the stadium 's public address system .
Defending champions Zambia and Cape Verde played out a goalless draw in a rain-affected Group D match at the Africa Cup of Nations in Gabon .
Greek Prime Minister Alexis Tsipras has said he ordered his finance minister to draw up a plan in case of a national emergency .
A record number of women have been elected to Iran 's parliament .
Formula 1 boss Bernie Ecclestone says there is  no reason '' for the Bahrain Grand Prix to be cancelled .
Newcastle United have signed Netherlands defender Daryl Janmaat from Feyenoord on a four-year deal for an undisclosed fee .
James Ward produced a stunning comeback to beat American John Isner and give Great Britain a 2-0 lead in their Davis Cup quarter-final .
A man who shook a four-week-old baby so hard he left him with a brain injury has been jailed for five years .
The Welsh Conservatives are the only party in a position to win an overall majority in the general election , according to the UK government .
A woman who tricked her friend into thinking she had terminal cancer has had her jail term cut .
Three schools in Edinburgh have been temporarily closed due to safety concerns .
Cardiff Devils ' netminder Matt Bowns says his side are still capable of winning the treble this season .
Irish airline Aer Lingus is to stop flying between Belfast and Dublin .
Scotland 's Deputy First Minister John Swinney has defended the funding deal being offered to local authorities .
A woman has been airlifted to hospital after crashing her motorbike on a beach in Monmouthshire .
Homes have been evacuated and roads closed after an unexploded World War Two bomb was found in a quarry .
A man and his nephew have been jailed for stealing more than 100 sheep .
An 18-year-old man has been arrested after a woman was raped at a railway station .
Brewer SABMiller has rejected the latest takeover offer from rival Anheuser-Busch InBev , saying it is  very substantially '' undervalues the company .
Workers at drinks giant Diageo have voted in favour of strike action .
The Premier League has agreed a new three-year deal with NBC to broadcast live matches in the United States .
People born in the early 1980s are the first post-war group not to have higher incomes in early adulthood , a think tank has said .
A man has been found guilty of dragging an 80-year-old man by his car during a burglary .
The head of the Financial Conduct Authority -LRB- FCA -RRB- , Stephen Thompson , has said he would review the tax affairs of footballers .
A doctor who took a 10,000 loan from her elderly patient has been struck off the medical register .
As one of the most successful disco bands of all time , Earth Wind & Fire were a force to be reckoned with .
A 37-year-old man has been jailed for two years and eight months for registering more than 1,000 false births .
The Green Party has launched its first general election campaign poster .
A new washing machine factory in County Durham is set to create 100 jobs .
A mob in Pakistan has killed a Christian couple accused of blasphemy against Islam , police say .
UKIP leader Nigel Farage has predicted a  breakthrough '' in May 's assembly elections .
Accrington Stanley manager John Coleman has criticised the Football League 's decision to allow Carlisle United to play away from home .
Thousands of people have taken part in Belfast 's annual Pride parade .
Will Quince , the Labour MP for Colchester , has been speaking in the House of Commons about the importance of regional theatres .
Cardiff 's Principality Stadium will play host to the Champions League final for the first time .
Sheffield Wednesday midfielder George Wildsmith has signed a new four-year contract with the Championship club .
Stock markets across Europe and the US have fallen sharply after Cyprus agreed a bailout deal with its creditors .
The number of people arrested at UK airports for drinking alcohol on board planes has more than doubled in a year , figures obtained by BBC Panorama show .
I am sitting in a cell with a group of Sri Lankan women in a detention camp in Riyadh , Saudi Arabia .
A former police and crime commissioner -LRB- PCC -RRB- has settled her claim for unfair dismissal .
Voting has begun in the Tower Hamlets mayoral election .
England 's Tommy Fleetwood and American Brian Harman share the lead going into the final round of the US Open .
An Edinburgh taxi driver 's photographs of festival-goers are to go on display .
A 47-year-old woman has been found guilty of stabbing a man to death at a flat in Aberdeen .
Mexico 's President Enrique Pena Nieto has sacked the country 's top consumer protection official , following a row over a restaurant .
The US has accused the UN Human Rights Council of  chronic anti-Israel bias '' .
Humberside 's chief constable has written to head teachers asking them to allow police officers to take holidays with their children .
Lorry drivers have been filmed using their mobile phones while driving .
The Conservative MP Sir Kevin Barron has said he may have breached House of Commons rules over his use of public resources .
The Turkish parliament has approved a bill that would give the police sweeping new powers to deal with protests .
A 21-year-old man and a 19-year old woman have been arrested on suspicion of Syria-related terrorism offences .
Construction workers have unearthed a time capsule containing a newspaper , a bottle of water and a scroll from 1894 .
The bodies of all five people on board a helicopter that crashed in Snowdonia have been found , police have said .
A fish that escaped from a flood-hit aquarium has been found in a petrol station car wash .
-LRB- Close -RRB- : Wall Street markets closed higher , boosted by a rise in oil prices .
Watford Football Club is to erect a statue of its former manager Graham Taylor .
Plans to make all pupils study five traditional academic subjects at GCSE have been criticised by the head of Ofsted .
Team Sky principal Sir Dave Brailsford says he is  not proud '' of the way the team has dealt with allegations of wrongdoing .
A teenager has been convicted of trying to recruit a man who murdered Fusilier Lee Rigby to carry out a terror attack .
A Labour MP is to warn that a vote to leave the European Union could  push more Labour voters into the arms of UKIP '' .
The death toll from Wednesday 's earthquake in Indonesia 's Aceh province has passed 50 , officials say .
Graham Taylor will be remembered as one of the greats of English football .
Ever since India 's economic growth picked up in the 1990s , there has been a  caste war '' .
An exhibition celebrating the 150th anniversary of the publication of Jane Austen 's Pride And Prejudice has opened .
The world 's biggest cruise operator , Carnival Corp , has reported better-than-expected profits .
Staff shortages have been identified at Aberdeen Royal Infirmary .
Stade Francais reached the European Challenge Cup quarter-finals with a bonus-point win over Harlequins .
A judge in Mexico has issued arrest warrants for some of the staff at a nursery where dozens of children died in a fire in 2009 .
A third sinkhole has opened up in Manchester city centre .
Netflix has said it is now available in every country on the planet .
Two Labour MPs have quit the front bench in Jeremy Corbyn 's reshuffle .
Gloucester Cathedral is to welcome its first female choristers .
Surrey Police has been told it needs to do more to investigate serious and organised crime .
Mae cynllun peilot yng Nghwm Cynon a Chastell-nedd yn canolbwyntio ar gleifion mae eu meddygon teulu yn amau sydd  chanser ond ddim yn dang
A man accused of plotting to behead a police officer photographed an officer in a car park , a court has heard .
Kenya 's president has accused the judiciary of trying to interfere with the electoral process .
UKIP donor Arron Banks has repeated his offer to become the party 's chairman , saying the party is  at a crossroads '' .
A lifeboat has been launched after a fishing boat got into difficulties off the Anglesey coast .
Five men have appeared in court accused of using a police helicopter for filming .
The UK 's next vice chancellor has called for universities to do more to challenge the  black and white '' views of extremists .
Jose Mourinho says Chelsea 's victory over Manchester United was  more than we expected '' .
Shadow foreign secretary Emily Thornberry has been accused of being a  snob '' after she tweeted an image of a house with England flags .
Ferguson Shipbuilders has been sold to private equity firm Clyde Blowers Capital by administrators .
The French president has visited a former Nazi concentration camp to warn against the dangers of  inciting hatred '' .
Navinder Sarao , the UK trader accused of contributing to the 2010 Wall Street 's flash crash '' , has appeared in court in the US .
A cyclist has died while taking part in a charity ride .
Scientists have discovered a gene defect which may be linked to male infertility .
Elderly and disabled people are being left to fend for themselves because of cuts to social care budgets , a survey suggests .
The robots of the future are here , and they are here to stay .
Scientists say they have solved the mystery of the shapes seen in natural sandstone landforms .
Eight people have been arrested after a bank in Flintshire was vandalised by a group of youths .
French politicians have criticised the appointment of former European Commission President Jose Manuel Barroso as an adviser to Goldman Sachs .
An exhibition of photographs taken during a 24-hour period in Bristol has opened .
Tributes have been paid to a former Glamorgan cricketer who was found dead at his home in Bridgend .
A man has been found guilty of causing serious injury by dangerous driving after he knocked down two children in Leeds .
Volkswagen -LRB- VW -RRB- has said that up to 800,000 cars sold in Europe are affected by the emissions scandal .
Southampton manager Claude Puel says the club want to keep defender Virgil van Dijk .
Johnston Press , the publisher of The Scotsman , has reported a rise in annual profits , despite a fall in revenues .
Rail passengers are being warned to expect disruption over the Easter weekend .
A brother of Philip Steele , who died in the Hillsborough disaster , said he was pushed towards the goal in the crush .
Three children have been taken to hospital after a water slide collapsed at a carnival in Dorset .
A man has been jailed for 16 years in the US state of California for killing 18 cats and wounding three others .
Ireland 's women 's hockey team lost 3-0 to England in the final of the World League 2 tournament in Johannesburg .
Formula 1 boss Christian Horner says he is  amazed '' Silverstone has triggered a break clause in its contract to host the British Grand Prix .
The secretary of state , Theresa Villiers , has said the flag protests are damaging Northern Ireland 's image .
James McClean , Darren Randolph and Colin Doyle have been named in the Republic of Ireland squad for the friendly against Mexico in Los Angeles on 3 June .
-LRB- Close -RRB- : Wall Street markets were mixed on Monday as falling oil prices weighed on energy stocks .
A man has been assaulted during an aggravated burglary at a house in Ballymena , County Antrim .
A man has been found dead in a street in Greater Manchester .
Plans to scrap grants for student nurses in England have been criticised by the Royal College of Nursing .
American Jason Dufner eagled the final hole to take a two-shot lead into the final round of the Byron Nelson tournament in Texas .
As soon as I heard the news of John Henry 's death , I knew I had to write an article about him .
A convicted drug dealer and his estranged wife have been jailed for hiding more than # 300,000 in their garden .
Germany 's Michael Jung will take a 10-point lead into Sunday 's showjumping final at the Badminton Horse Trials .
The first group of UK students to study in the United States has arrived in Washington DC .
A jury has been appointed to choose the design for a fire-damaged Georgian mansion .
Police in Iran have arrested a group of young people who posted a video of themselves dancing to Pharrell Williams ' Happy , local media report .
The International Cycling Union -LRB- UCI -RRB- will investigate an alleged racist incident at the Criterium du Dauphine .
Three people were taken to hospital after a double-decker bus and a lorry crashed on the A34 in Oxfordshire .
A building at the University of Aberdeen is to be closed after asbestos was found .
Police in the Brazilian city of Sao Paulo have cleared a square in the centre of the city where drug addicts had set up camp .
Peruvian President Ollanta Humala has said his government has begun to lay the groundwork for a  great transformation '' in the country .
-LRB- Close -RRB- : The Dow Jones Industrial Average closed down for a second consecutive trading day .
The Irish foreign minister has said the Irish government is  concerned '' about the case of an Irish man who is on trial in Egypt .
The Ospreys ended their Pro12 campaign with a bonus-point win over Connacht at Liberty Stadium .
The Strand Collective , a group of photographers based in London , have produced a series of portraits of members of the armed forces .
Leeds Rhinos moved to the top of Super League with victory over St Helens in the final game at Headingley .
Conservative MP Zac Goldsmith has been chosen as the party 's candidate for the London mayoral election in May .
A man has died after his car collided with a military tank during a Nato exercise in Norway , officials say .
A second inquest into the death of Poppi Worthington has been adjourned .
French authorities have deported Russian football fan Alexei Shprygin , who was arrested at a match on Monday .
Spending by the BBC has a positive impact on the UK economy , according to the corporation .
Russian opposition leader Alexei Navalny has been found guilty of embezzlement and sentenced to five years in jail .
The Ulster Unionist leader , Jim Murphy , has said his party is ready to form a government on its own .
The Belfast Giants have been named in the Great Britain squad for the European Championships in Cortina .
The writing desk and chair that Charles Dickens used to write his final novel has been given a # 500,000 grant .
A year after thousands of Haitians were deported from the Dominican Republic , many are still waiting to be reunited with their families .
Thousands of soldiers face losing their jobs as part of the government 's defence cuts , it has been announced .
Fifa president Gianni Infantino has opened a football training centre in South Sudan .
British number one Johanna Konta says she has  a lot to improve on '' after losing to Aleksandra Krunic in the first round of the US Open .
The Lion King is to be preserved as part of the US Library of Congress 's National Film Registry .
Slievenacloy , on the outskirts of Belfast , is a place you would expect to find a row of terracotta pots .
The Scottish government has said it remains  committed '' to a deal with a Chinese consortium to invest in infrastructure in Scotland .
Opium poppy cultivation in Afghanistan has increased for the first time in three years , according to a UN report .
Hull City midfielder Sam Clucas has signed a new four-year contract with the Premier League club .
A girl with a rare form of cancer is recovering in a French hospital after a man raised thousands of pounds for her treatment .
Scientists have recreated the circuitry of a monarch butterfly 's internal compass , which helps the insects navigate their annual migration from North America to Mexico .
MPs should be allowed to serve as ministers in the Welsh government , the Institute of Chartered Accountants in Wales has said .
The European Arrest Warrant -LRB- EAW -RRB- is a key tool in the fight against organised crime and terrorism .
The latest attacks on an aid convoy and a hospital in the Syrian city of Aleppo are the latest in a series of setbacks to the fragile ceasefire that came into effect on Friday .
Two men have been arrested after drugs with an estimated street value of # 500,000 were seized in Dublin .
People are being invited to have their say on plans for a new travellers ' site in Powys .
Swiss voters are going to the polls on Sunday to decide on a controversial referendum proposal .
Colchester United have signed striker Luke Guthrie from Welling United for an undisclosed fee .
Yau Wai-yu , a member of Hong Kong 's newly-elected pro-independence party , Youngspiration , says she is determined to fight for the territory 's interests .
Hull FC continued their perfect start to the Super League season with a resounding victory over Catalans Dragons .
Four black people accused of torturing a mentally disabled man in a video broadcast live on Facebook have been denied bail .
Britain 's Lizzie Armitstead retained the leader 's yellow jersey as Netherlands ' Marianne Vos won stage four of the Women 's Tour .
The number of plastic carrier bags thrown away in the UK has increased , according to government figures .
Two men have been charged in connection with the rape of a woman in Sunderland .
Christian Wade scored two tries as Wasps survived a second-half comeback from Worcester at Sixways .
Asian shares have fallen after comments from US Federal Reserve chair Janet Yellen raised concerns about the health of China 's stock market .
Jurassic World , the sequel to Steven Spielberg 's 1993 blockbuster Jurassic Park , has made a record-breaking start at the global box office .
A British army officer accused of sexually assaulting a woman in Uganda was  fairly animal '' , a court martial has heard .
A man who killed his friend with a single punch at a scooter rally has been jailed for four years .
Work is set to begin on the latest phase of the Dundee Waterfront project .
A letter written by John Lennon to his aunt has been put up for auction .
A widow has spoken of her devastation after thieves broke into her home while she was at her husband 's funeral .
Plans to protect a coastal railway line from erosion have been unveiled by Network Rail .
A sawmill company awarded a 39m deal to buy timber in 2014 did not  pull the wool over our eyes '' , the forestry minister has said .
Seven churches in Shropshire and three in Herefordshire have been awarded grants of up to # 1m to help restore them .
The Supreme Court has been asked to decide whether parents can be fined for taking their children on holiday in term-time .
David Cameron 's decision to reveal details of his family 's tax affairs is a brave one .
A council has been criticised for installing Braille paving in a city centre .
Honey bees exposed to common pesticides are losing key skills , research suggests .
A brewery has been accused of discriminating against bikers by banning them from its pubs .
The police and crime commissioner for Devon and Cornwall is to stand down at the next general election .
A new code of conduct for police officers in Scotland has come into force .
A military plane that crashed in Myanmar killing 122 people was caused by bad weather , investigators say .
Heavy rain and high winds have caused flooding in northern Germany .
As the 25th anniversary of the Hillsborough disaster approaches , the BBC News website takes a look at some of the key facts about the day .
A former actor with learning disabilities has written to MPs and peers saying he wants to die at a clinic in Switzerland .
The chief executive of a children 's services company was accused of bullying and controlling staff , the BBC has learned .
Kimberley Walsh and Alfie Boe are to sing One Vision for Team GB .
A large number of sheep have been stolen from a farm in Aberdeenshire .
A fourth man has been arrested in connection with a shooting in Rugby .
The shooting at a mosque in the Canadian province of Quebec has left the Muslim community reeling .
A group of children have been detained by the Nigerian army , the UN says .
Britain would have  zero '' influence if it left the European Union , the president of the European Commission has said .
Striker Nathan Green says he turned into an  unhappy player '' after being released by Mansfield Town .
The number of motorcyclists killed or injured on London 's roads has more than doubled in the past five years , Transport for London -LRB- TfL -RRB- has said .
An amateur footballer in Portugal has been banned for five years for attacking a referee .
Boreham Wood have re-signed striker Jordan Lucas on loan from Bristol Rovers until the end of the season .
Tens of thousands of anti-government demonstrators are continuing their protests in the Thai capital , Bangkok , ahead of 2 February elections .
People over 55 are being targeted by fraudsters trying to steal their pension savings , the Information Commissioner 's Office has warned .
Leicester City have signed striker James Gordon from non-league Rangers for an undisclosed fee .
It 's been a tumultuous week in the US presidential campaign .
In a remote corner of north-eastern Turkey , a small , private retreat is a world away from the glitz and glamour of the capital , Ankara .
A collection of photographs of Shetland 's Hebridean firth has been released .
A woman from Wiltshire has been named as the UK 's first hedgehog officer .
Sam Northeast 's unbeaten 174 helped Kent secure victory over Essex on the final day at Canterbury .
There are  too few nurses '' in Scotland , according to a nursing union .
Police have used a Taser on a gang of armed robbers who tried to raid a jewellery store in central London .
A gas explosion which killed a man was like a  plane crash '' , a paramedic has told an inquest .
Firefighters in Chile are struggling to contain a series of forest fires that have spread across the country .
Johanna Konta says she is determined to improve after reaching her first Grand Slam semi-final at Wimbledon .
Sunderland manager Dick Advocaat has left the club after only eight games in charge .
Thousands of people have been evacuated from villages near a volcano in Guatemala .
People in the UK will be able to buy a stake in renewable energy projects under a new government scheme .
A man who posted racist comments about a boy who was murdered by his mother has been jailed for eight months .
Great Britain 's Andy Murray and James Ward will play each other in the second round of Wimbledon on Saturday .
One of Scotland 's largest suppliers of animal feed has reported a rise in profits .
A new school is to be built in Ewell , Surrey .
The National Crime Agency -LRB- NCA -RRB- is to lead an investigation into the sale of Nama 's Northern Ireland property loan portfolio .
Members of the Welsh assembly have met Irish government ministers to discuss Brexit .
Meet George the dog , who loves shopping .
Welsh animator Mike Young is celebrating his 40th birthday .
Pictures have been released of Prince Harry posing with a crocodile he caught in Australia 's Northern Territory .
Russian opposition leader Alexei Navalny has been found guilty of embezzlement .
A man has been arrested in south-east London on suspicion of terrorism offences .
A Japanese conservationist is to visit Skye to help prepare for the reintroduction of otters to the island of Hokkaido .
Nato and the Afghan government have reached an agreement on the withdrawal of US special forces from Wardak province .
Romelu Lukaku scored twice as Everton came from behind to beat West Brom in the Premier League .
New Zealand Prime Minister John Key has announced he will step down at the next election .
An RAF Hawk jet has made an emergency landing after its pilot was injured .
Harry Potter fans have been celebrating JK Rowling 's 70th birthday by making cakes .
Having a good education can boost a criminal 's income , research suggests .
Raith Rovers were held to a draw at home by Dunfermline Athletic in the Scottish Championship .
Chelsea 's return to the top of the Premier League is a huge boost for manager Antonio Conte .
Al-Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula 's -LRB- AQAP -RRB- affiliate Ansar al-Sharia has announced that it has kidnapped a number of Yemeni soldiers .
A judge in Brazil has ruled that building work can go ahead on a controversial hydro-electric dam in the Amazon region .
The number of house sales in the UK fell in June , according to official figures .
A 10-year-old Canadian boy is being hailed a hero after saving his family from a house fire .
Ben Duckett and Ian Bell-Drummond are capable of playing international cricket , says former England coach Andy Flower .
A father and daughter have made history in the world of cricket .
Ben Murdoch-Masila scored two tries as Salford came from behind to beat Castleford .
More than 1,000 potholes have been filled in in the north-east of England .
World champion Helen Glover says she is looking forward to the return of her coxless pair partner Polly Swann after a year out .
Work has begun on the first phase of a  multi-million pound '' regeneration of Fishguard .
Security at the Houses of Parliament is under scrutiny following the attack on Wednesday .
Stephen McManus scored a hat-trick as Greenock Morton beat Alloa Athletic in the Scottish Championship .
Romania won the Olympic men 's team epee title for the first time .
Work to improve a hairpin bend and steep hill on the A9 at Berriedale Braes has begun .
A man who went on the run after being recalled to prison has been arrested .
The Nigeria Football Federation -LRB- NFF -RRB- has sacked coach Stephen Keshi with immediate effect .
A Russian conductor has performed a concert in the ruins of the ancient Syrian city of Palmyra , held by Islamic State -LRB- IS -RRB- militants .
US Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump is the world 's riskiest candidate , according to the Economist Intelligence Unit -LRB- EIU -RRB- .
Plans to redevelop a pub which closed as an LGBT venue have been forced to include a condition to protect it .
The Russian military says it has been unable to extract data from the flight data recorder of a jet shot down by Turkey last month .
Widnes Vikings have defended their decision to play their Super League game against Warrington on an artificial pitch .
Councillors in Haverfordwest have voted to hold a second public consultation on the future of Welsh medium education in the town .
A house in Carmarthenshire has been searched by counter-terrorism police following Wednesday 's attack at Westminster .
Blackberry has reported a return to profit in the first quarter of the year , just a week after the launch of its new Z10 handset .
A senior police officer has defended the use of armed officers in Scotland .
A scheme to use parents to enforce parking rules outside a school has been scrapped after just three months .
Scotland will have a record 13 athletes at the World Athletics Championships in London .
It 's a big day for the UK 's dairy industry .
A children 's Christmas attraction featuring Father Christmas has been cancelled a week before it was due to open .
Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump has accused rival Ted Cruz of  stealing '' the Iowa caucuses .
The case of Fife toddler Liam Fee , who was murdered by his father Andrew Fees , has led to a review of the way social services dealt with his case .
Christians across the world are celebrating Christmas , but in Manger Square in Bethlehem , it is a different story .
A second teenager has been arrested after a man was stabbed at a department store in south-east London .
As fighting rages in eastern Ukraine between government troops and pro-Russian separatists , cyber-warriors have emerged to fight back .
The Welsh government is considering making hospitals screen patients with symptoms of sepsis for the condition .
Commemorations have taken place to mark the 200th anniversary of the Battle of Waterloo .
Dozens of people have been killed in a Boko Haram ambush in north-eastern Nigeria , sources have told the BBC .
Fire safety tests on cladding on high-rise buildings across the UK have so far failed , the prime minister has said .
The new 12-sided 1 coin has gone into circulation .
When Zinedine Zidane took charge of Real Madrid in February 2016 , he inherited a team in crisis .
A man who had his firearms licence revoked after posting offensive messages about Islam on Facebook has had it reinstated .
The UK government has been criticised for failing to investigate the killings of civilians during the Troubles .
The European Union and International Monetary Fund -LRB- IMF -RRB- have welcomed the victory of the pro-bailout New Democracy party in Greece 's general election .
Defender Glen Johnson has signed a one-year contract extension with Stoke City .
A neighbour of a journalist allegedly attacked with acid has told a court that he tried to wash his face off .
Scotland lock Jonny Gray has signed a new three-year contract with Glasgow Warriors .
A man has been stabbed to death outside a pub in north London .
A woman has died after being hit by a train in Suffolk .
Notts County Ladies have signed Netherlands international defender Mandy van den Berg from Liverpool Ladies on a two-year deal .
Ryan Johnston scored a goal and set up another as Kilcoo beat Scotstown 0-13 to 0-8 in the Ulster SFC quarter-final at Healy Park .
The Wedgwood Museum 's collection has been sold to the Victoria and Albert Museum after a campaign to save it raised # 1m .
South Sudan 's president has sacked his entire cabinet .
It 's a familiar scene in East Belfast .
The FBI has said it is  very concerned '' about plans by Apple and Google to weaken security on mobile devices .
Tranmere Rovers captain Nathan Kirby is among five players to have signed new contracts with the National League club .
Welsh boxer Dale Evans won the WBO International lightweight title with a unanimous points victory over Britain 's Liam Ormond in Manchester .
A man from Dumbarton has been jailed for two years and eight months for defrauding the tax authority out of # 43,000 .
Amara Koroma is a student living in Norwich , England .
A Cardiff-based technology firm has won a series of contracts with insurance companies .
A 41-year-old man has died in Galloway .
The so-called Islamic State -LRB- IS -RRB- is using corruption as a  rallying cry '' , according to a new report .
A village pub has been named the UK 's Pub of the Year .
China has pledged to work with the US to defuse tensions over North Korea 's nuclear programme .
China is the world 's most populous country , with a population of 1.3 billion .
The government has announced that it is raising the rate of the bank levy , which it says will help deal with the budget deficit .
Ross County have signed Lithuania international midfielder Vykintas Sernas on a deal until the end of the season .
Venezuela 's National Assembly has been plunged into darkness during a debate on energy policy .
An elderly woman has died after being hit by a bin lorry in Edinburgh .
The Rolling Stones are planning a 50th anniversary world tour , guitarist Keith Richards has said .
Children in England are among the least free in the world when it comes to independence , research suggests .
On Wednesday , Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi took the stage at Facebook 's headquarters to meet the company 's founder .
Anthony Watson has been recalled to the England squad for the Six Nations opener against Italy on Saturday .
A drone that can control itself using a person 's brain has been developed .
Arsenal midfielder Granit Xhaka has been interviewed by police over allegations he was racially abused at Heathrow Airport .
Spencer Matthews has been crowned the winner of The Jump .
Wales coach Warren Gatland said his side were not good enough to beat South Africa in their World Cup quarter-final .
A man has been arrested in connection with the murder of a woman who was stabbed to death in her own home .
Clermont Auvergne wing Nick Abendanon says he has changed his mind about playing for England because of the Rugby Football Union 's domestic-based policy .
Partick Thistle and Ross County played out a 1-1 draw in the Scottish Premiership .
Scientists have grown a rat kidney in the laboratory , in the first step towards growing usable organs for transplant .
Hearts head coach Ian Cathro insists Jamie Walker is happy at Tynecastle , despite interest from Rangers .
Great Britain 's Greg Rutherford won the long jump at the Great City Games in Manchester .
In the run-up to the junior doctors ' strike in England later this month , the rhetoric has been pretty dire .
It 's the first day of work for the new Welsh MPs .
Gregor Townsend says Saturday 's final Pro12 game of the season is an important opportunity to finalise his Scotland squad .
The release of Grand Theft Auto V on PC has been delayed .
MPs have launched an inquiry into the government 's plans to partially scrap the so-called  purdah '' rules for EU referendum campaigns .
An investigation into historical child abuse in north Wales has widened to include 18 children 's homes .
A tractor was called out to free a bus from a muck heap .
The head of the Garda Sochna -LRB- Irish police -RRB- has said the force needs more officers .
The owner of a  criminal '' cat has said she is  deeply ashamed '' of her pet .
Prime Minister David Cameron 's flagship free school in Birmingham has been rated  inadequate '' by Ofsted .
Cardiff City midfielder Junior Hoilett says it was a  no-brainer '' to sign for the club under new manager Neil Warnock .
Manager Nigel Clough says Burton Albion have not ruled out signing former Derby County defender Richie Barker .
South Africa has cancelled its plan to withdraw from the International Criminal Court -LRB- ICC -RRB- , following a court ruling .
Police have been contacted by a second former pupil at Gordonstoun School in Aberdeen who claims to have been sexually abused as a child .
Two people have been rescued from a house fire in West Yorkshire .
A fact-finding mission for the global chemical weapons watchdog has concluded that a deadly attack on a rebel-held town in northern Syria last week was a chemical weapons attack .
A selection of trees from across the UK have been shortlisted for the title of UK Tree of the Year .
The Venezuelan government has rejected a demand from Chile for the release of a journalist who has been detained for more than a week .
Up to 100 jobs are to go at a frozen pizza factory in Ballymena , County Antrim .
Microsoft is to release a collection of Halo games for the Xbox One .
Holders Germany were knocked out of the Women 's Euro 2017 quarter-finals as Denmark came from behind to win 2-1 in Rotterdam .
Derby County moved up to fourth in the Championship with a comfortable win at Ipswich .
A woman found dead in a Texas jail cell said she had tried to kill herself in the past , a sheriff has said .
Bubba Watson has been named as one of United States captain Davis Love III 's vice-captains for the Ryder Cup .
Children with type 1 diabetes are being put at risk because of a lack of care , experts have warned .
A huge sinkhole has opened up near a football stadium in the Brazilian city of Manaus .
Hungary is one of the most densely-populated countries in Central Europe .
A man has been jailed for life for smuggling guns and ammunition into the UK .
A Scottish woman who was jailed in Peru for drug smuggling has returned to the UK .
Nigeria 's military says it has begun a major offensive against militants in the north-east .
Chelsea captain John Terry will miss his side 's final home game of the season after being sent off in Saturday 's 2-2 draw with Sunderland .
US President Donald Trump 's attempt to withhold federal funding from so-called sanctuary cities has been blocked by a federal judge .
A solarbox has been installed in a red telephone box in north London .
Torquay United manager Kevin Nicholson has told his players they must improve if they are to beat Tranmere Rovers at Prenton Park on Saturday .
Double Olympic taekwondo champion Jade Jones could follow in the footsteps of Ronda Rousey , according to Welshman Brett Johns .
Newport 's long-awaited city centre shopping complex has opened its doors .
The New Horizons spacecraft is preparing for its historic flyby of Pluto .
World number one Jason Day won the Arnold Palmer Invitational by three shots .
A suspected drug smuggler who allegedly fired a gun at US border agents has been arrested in Canada .
India 's economy grew at an annual rate of 6.6% between October and December , official figures show .
A County Antrim man has denied singing racist songs during a football match in London .
New Ipswich Town signing Steven Taylor says he was surprised to be asked to clean his own boots on his first day at the club .
Scotland 's cities face  significant economic challenges '' as the UK leaves the EU , according to a new study .
The United Nations says it is  heartened '' by the response to Saturday 's earthquake in Nepal , but has called for more help to reach remote areas .
Hundreds of flats in Brighton are to be demolished to make way for new affordable housing .
Police have seized cannabis plants with an estimated street value of # 1m in Derbyshire .
England 's one-wicket win over Sri Lanka in the World Twenty20 quarter-final at the Ferozeshah Kotla in Delhi was a classic .
Nigeria 's President Goodluck Jonathan has accused a group campaigning for the release of schoolgirls abducted in the north-eastern town of Chibok of psychological terrorism .
A man who murdered a shopkeeper in a religiously-motivated attack in Glasgow has been jailed for life .
Bee-keepers are being asked to help scientists identify the different noises made by honey bees .
Leeds Rhinos returned to winning ways with a comfortable victory over Warrington Wolves at Headingley .
Two baby otters have been born at a zoo in the UK .
A man has been charged with attempted murder after a series of bombs were sent to lawyers in the Canadian city of Winnipeg .
The Mexican finance minister , Luis Videgaray , has resigned , days after Donald Trump 's visit to Mexico .
The draw for the fourth round of the EFL Cup has been made .
A letter written by DH Lawrence , the author of The Wind in the Willows , has sold at auction for # 3,300 .
The Queen 's  bad luck '' with President Xi Jinping 's state visit to the UK has been revealed .
The ejection seats of the jet that crashed at the Shoreham Airshow had expired , investigators have said .
The holder of a winning lottery ticket is being urged to come forward .
Former Welsh Conservative leader Andrew RT Davies has said it would be  impossible '' for the assembly to win a third referendum on devolution .
French footballer Karim Benzema has been placed under formal investigation over an alleged sex tape blackmail plot .
The daughter of a mother and son stabbed to death at their home has spoken of the  devastating '' experience .
Asia is set to overtake North America as the world 's richest region by 2019 , according to a report by consultancy PwC .
In our series of letters from African journalists , journalist and novelist Mathew Nyaungwa reflects on his life as a diamond miner .
Liverpool manager Brendan Rodgers says he expects Raheem Sterling to stay at the club .
An inquiry into undercover policing is likely to expose  creditable and discreditable conduct '' , a judge has said .
Lewis Hamilton described his performance in the Hungarian Grand Prix as  one of the worst '' of his career .
Kyle Coetzer believes Scotland 's upcoming two-match one-day series against Afghanistan will be a  crucial '' step in the right direction .
Ebbsfleet twice came from behind to earn a 2-2 draw at Guiseley in the National League .
Scotland 's education secretary has launched a new online resource to help teachers and school leaders improve the lives of children .
League Two side Carlisle United have signed winger Pedro on a deal until the end of the season .
-LRB- Close -RRB- : Shares in Morrisons have fallen after reports that the supermarket 's planned takeover of wholesaler Booker could be in doubt .
The deaths of two men in an explosion at a factory in Ballymena , County Antrim , are being treated as suspicious , police have said .
Nigerian Amos Adamu , a former Fifa executive committee member , is being investigated by world football 's governing body .
Activity in the UK 's manufacturing sector fell to a three-year low in April , according to a closely watched survey .
Thousands of people have lined the banks of the River Tyne to watch the annual University Boat Race .
Columnist Katie Hopkins has apologised to a family whose trip to the US was stopped by US officials .
US President Donald Trump has banned people from seven Muslim-majority countries from entering the US .
A vicar has said the Church of England is  institutionally homophobic '' and  harmful '' to the LGBT community .
Blackburn rescued a point against promotion-chasing Bristol City .
A senior Russian prison official has been arrested on suspicion of destroying a major road in a corruption scheme , investigators say .
Burton Albion ended Birmingham City 's unbeaten start to the season with victory at the Pirelli Stadium .
A sell-off in bonds has continued since Donald Trump 's US election victory , with investors worried about his economic policies .
An investigation is under way after a flower shop was targeted by callers claiming to be from TalkTalk .
Leicester City have signed Riyad Mahrez from French Ligue 1 side Le Havre on a four-year deal .
Tributes have been paid to the victims of the Manchester Arena attack .
The words  woman in a man 's world '' and  the best seat in the house '' are often used to describe the achievements of athletes at the Olympics .
A company has admitted breaching health and safety rules following the death of a worker .
Manuel Pellegrini 's final game as Manchester City manager ended in a draw at Swansea City .
Britain 's Chris Froome remains second behind leader Alberto Contador in the Criterium du Dauphine .
If you 're trying to lose weight , get fit , or just want to be more active , then you 've come to the right place .
The demolition of a former steel factory in Londonderry has begun .
A man who murdered his five-month-old granddaughter has been jailed for a minimum of 20 years .
A woman has said she has been unable to attend her grandfather 's funeral in New Zealand because of a delay in her visa application .
In northern Nigeria , where the Islamist militant group Boko Haram is active , there is a growing belief that reforms are needed to improve the quality of education .
Colchester United defender Luke Andrew has had his 12-match ban for violent conduct reduced to seven games .
A therapy that retrains the body 's immune system to fight HIV has been shown to be safe and effective .
Russian athletes ran away from drug tests and tried to bribe anti-doping officials , according to a new report .
The words  the best fight in the history of the world '' are a bit of a stretch .
Police have released a CCTV image of a man they want to trace after a man and woman were tortured in their Kent home .
The housing crisis in Wales could be tackled by building more co-operative homes , according to a new report .
A man has been taken to hospital following a fire in Aberdeen .
The pilots of a Canadian police helicopter have been caught on camera apparently talking about sex .
The Supreme Court has agreed to hear an appeal by a celebrity who wants to prevent the naming of him in the media .
Lancashire cruised to a 10-wicket victory over Hampshire at Old Trafford .
Police are investigating a serious sexual assault on a woman in Dundee .
The Luas tram system in Dublin has returned to normal after a pay dispute was resolved .
United States forward Alex Morgan has signed a two-year contract with Lyon .
Police are treating the death of a man in Paisley as suspicious .
Voters in Bolivia have rejected a proposal to allow President Evo Morales to run for a third term .
Stephen Hawking has been named as a judge on YouTube 's  Young Astronaut '' project .
A PE teacher who was accused of giving his pupils an  undue amount of religious influence '' has been cleared of misconduct .
At one end of the spectrum , there are people making goods a little better , and more expensively .
-LRB- Close -RRB- : London 's benchmark share index closed lower , with shares in oil giant Royal Dutch Shell falling more than 5% after it reported weaker-than-expected profits .
Scottish Professional Football League chief executive Neil Doncaster says Hearts ' return to the Premiership is a boost for the league .
Southampton manager Ronald Koeman is set to become Everton 's new manager .
The police watchdog is to investigate the police response to an incident in Fife in which a woman was murdered .
Mae 'n debyg bod y ddau yn teithio mewn car Zara Citroen wedi cael eu gweld ers dydd Mawrth 17 Ionawr .
The Dangerous Dogs Act needs a  complete review '' , an MP has said .
An inquest into the discovery of a hoard of Viking coins in County Down has been opened and adjourned .
New Rangers signing Bruno Alves says he would have joined the club even if they had failed to reach Europe this season .
David Oyelowo has said Benedict Cumberbatch 's use of the word coloured '' is  ridiculous '' .
Andrew Sharvin shot a six-under-par 66 in the first round of the Australian Open in Adelaide .
Scotland 's Alex Forsyth believes hosting the European Hockey Championship will help his team 's chances of promotion .
Sepp Blatter 's former chief of staff has claimed Russia and Qatar paid bribes to Fifa to win the right to host the 2018 and 2022 World Cups .
When Victoria Williams was told she had a baby with Down 's syndrome , she was devastated .
An urgent review of the safety of lifejackets has been recommended following the sinking of a crab boat in which three men died .
A fake BBC news story has been circulating in Kenya .
Great Britain 's women claimed their first win of the Hockey World League Final with a 4-3 victory over New Zealand .
David Murdoch has joined Dundee United following his release by Ross County .
A man has been charged with the murder of his Scottish girlfriend in Lapland .
The Afghan government has appointed a new police chief for the capital , Kabul , following the resignation of Gen Mohammad Zahir .
A 16-year-old boy has died after being hit by a car .
A driver who killed a teenager in a hit-and-run crash has been jailed .
Joe Ledley says Wales will support the Football Association of Wales if they decide to wear poppies in Saturday 's World Cup qualifier against Azerbaijan .
Plaid Cymru has said it will work with the SNP and the Greens to secure extra funding for Wales .
A memorial match has been held in Togo for former coach Stephen Keshi .
England all-rounder Katherine Brunt missed out on a half-century as Perth Scorchers lost to Sydney Thunder in the semi-finals of the Women 's Big Bash League .
Police in Pakistan have arrested a landowner accused of tying a boy to a donkey and beating it to death .
A drilling rig is due to arrive in the North Sea for the first phase of the decommissioning of the Beatrice field .
The Golden State Warriors came from behind to beat the Houston Rockets and reach the NBA Finals .
A man has been jailed for life for murdering a rival in south London .
A man and a woman have been arrested after a man was stabbed to death .
In our series of letters from African journalists , film-maker and columnist Farai Sevenzo looks at some of the most interesting stories of the year .
The leader of one of the UK 's largest Muslim groups has paid tribute to the victims of the Westminster attack .
A primary school head teacher has been suspended after taking a leave of absence during term-time .
Alex McLeish has been confirmed as the new coach of Egyptian club Zamalek .
The number of women being treated for breast cancer in Northern Ireland is set to rise sharply over the next 20 years , according to new figures .
Carlos Brathwaite hit the winning runs as the West Indies beat England by five wickets to win the World Twenty20 in Nagpur .
Head coach Matthew Mott is confident Glamorgan can improve on last season 's disappointing campaign .
Anna Purve-Jorendal was born into a poor family in the western Indian city of Pune .
The health service is to get an extra # 100m over the next two years .
An independent panel has been appointed to investigate events at Belfast 's De La Salle College .
Scientists have trained artificial intelligence -LRB- AI -RRB- to diagnose skin cancer .
Mae Llywodraeth y DU wedi dweud bod 'na alw am fwy o raglenni lleol ar wahn i'r rheiny sy'n cael eu cynnig gan y BBC a darlledwyr masnachol
The government 's chief medical officer has urged junior doctors to call off a 24-hour strike on Tuesday .
An 82-year-old woman died after hitting a pothole in Monmouthshire , an inquest has heard .
A 23-year-old motorcyclist has died following a crash in Edinburgh .
Great Britain 's Lois Toulson won gold in the women 's individual 3m springboard at the European Diving Championships .
Three cats have died in one week in Carmarthenshire , prompting an investigation by the RSPCA .
Plans for a high-speed tram system in Cardiff Bay have been unveiled by Cardiff Bay Company -LRB- CBC -RRB- .
Philippine presidential candidate Rodrigo Duterte has been criticised for a video in which he jokes about the rape and murder of a Catholic missionary .
The Open University -LRB- OU -RRB- is to use artificial intelligence to identify students who may be struggling with their studies .
Concerns have been raised about the safety of the Sellafield nuclear reprocessing plant close to the Isle of Man .
A mental health trust in Lancashire has been rated  inadequate '' .
-LRB- Close -RRB- : The S&P 500 closed at a record high on Friday , following the Federal Reserve 's decision to keep interest rates unchanged .
Mae 'r tn bellach o dan reolaeth ond yn iawn os yw 'r criwiau ddweud yn ymchwiliad i'r union achos yn dechrau ddydd Sadwrn .
Kenya 's Jemima Sumgong won Olympic gold in the women 's marathon as Bahrain 's Amalie Kirwa took silver .
Derby County captain Richard Keogh has signed a new three-year contract .
The parents of a 51-year-old woman who was murdered in Mauritius have written to her friends in the country to thank them for their support .
Prime Minister David Cameron has been urged to press ahead with plans for more powers for Scotland .
The Indian monsoon is one of the world 's most important weather systems , but it is also one of its most ancient .
St Johnstone eased to victory over Inverness Caledonian Thistle at McDiarmid Park .
Rolf Harris 's conviction for a string of child sex offences has led to a backlash in his adopted home of Perth .
The European Space Agency -LRB- Esa -RRB- says its comet lander Philae has woken up and contacted Earth .
Dozens of non-governmental organisations -LRB- NGOs -RRB- have reported being visited by officials in Russia .
A new body is to be set up to promote Northern Ireland 's agri-food sector .
Iraqi forces have recaptured the international airport in western Mosul from so-called Islamic State -LRB- IS -RRB- , officials say .
A man and a woman have been charged in connection with the death of a woman in Bath .
A rare albino deer has been born in South Africa .
When Diego Simeone was appointed Atletico Madrid manager in the summer of 2011 , he was described as  a man of few words '' .
Telecoms regulator Ofcom has delayed an auction of 4G spectrum , after the owners of O2 and Three threatened legal action .
A man has been arrested on suspicion of terrorism offences .
New Scottish Labour leader Kezia Dugdale has said she will take responsibility for the party 's general election defeat .
A Flintshire man has been nominated for a national bravery award .
Eight Scottish swimmers have been named in the Great Britain team for the Rio Olympics .
Manchester City manager Pep Guardiola has no new injury or suspension worries following his side 's Champions League exit at the hands of Monaco .
Two men who admitted fly-tipping in Birmingham have been jailed .
Prince Harry has said he used to be  fighting the system '' .
A woman who was injured in a motorway crash which killed her friend has said she wants to help other victims .
An NHS trust has removed a takeaway from its list of approved suppliers after staff at a mental health hospital were served a pizza with the word  mentally ill '' written on it .
British actress Keira Knightley is to make her Broadway debut next year in a new play .
The police chief in the US city of Baltimore has been sacked amid a spike in violence .
Bernie Sanders and Hillary Clinton may be locked in a tight race for the Democratic presidential nomination , but they are starting to go head-to-head .
Great Britain 's men suffered their first defeat of the World Rugby Sevens Series when they lost to Japan .
A Canadian woman has come forward to claim a C$1m -LRB- $ 800,000 -RRB- jackpot after buying the wrong ticket .
The European Commission has opened a case against Northern Ireland 's decision not to charge for water , the BBC has learned .
The Conjuring 2 has topped the US box office in its opening weekend .
Mario Balotelli has thanked Manchester City fans after completing his move to AC Milan .
A flood-hit church has switched on its floodlights for the first time in more than two years .
Google has added the International Space Station -LRB- ISS -RRB- to its Street View service .
Convicted paedophiles could face longer jail sentences under new guidelines being drawn up for courts in England and Wales .
Wayne Routledge scored twice as Swansea City thrashed Charlotte Independence in their first pre-season friendly .
Greece captain Giorgos Karagounis has retired from international football .
Scientists have developed a 3D-printed cartilage that could be used to repair damaged body parts .
It 's a tale of two Ben Carsons .
A priest who claims he was sexually abused by a vicar as a teenager has made complaints against five senior clerics .
The EU is facing its biggest migration crisis since the Balkan wars of the 1990s .
Tribesmen have clashed with Islamic State -LRB- IS -RRB- militants in the Iraqi city of Fallujah .
Commuters are facing a second day of disruption on the Southern rail network .
The chief executive of Manchester City Council has been suspended following allegations of  failures to act appropriately '' in a safeguarding case .
Nicola Sturgeon has said she is  angry '' at the UK government 's  walk-on-by '' attitude towards refugees .
Two US senators who have backed gun rights have called for gun control in the wake of Friday 's school shooting in Newtown , Connecticut .
The Scottish Premiership kicks off on Saturday , with champions Celtic taking on Qarabag in the first leg of their Champions League qualifier .
The mood in the Conservative Party is one of caution .
Josh Taylor says he had to deal with a first-round cut to his head as he defended his Commonwealth super-lightweight title against Jean-Charles Joubert in Glasgow .
Police in the Austrian town of Braunau am Inn say they are investigating a man who has been spotted dressed as the Nazi leader .
A grand piano once owned by King George III has been bought for the Brighton Pavilion .
The ancient world is under siege from the modern world .
A man has been cleared of sexually abusing boys in Nottingham .
Plans for a major expansion of the Dyson factory in Wiltshire have been approved by councillors .
At the headquarters of the Likud party in Tel Aviv , the mood was one of relief .
A cyclist has been killed in a suspected hit-and-run in east London .
Florida election officials have removed a mosque as a polling site after receiving complaints .
More than 700 emails and passwords belonging to US government employees have been found online , according to security firm Recorded Future .
Egyptian security forces have raided the offices of pro-democracy and human rights groups .
Members of the NASUWT teaching union are to stage a one-day strike in a dispute over pay .
An oil rig that ran aground on the Western Isles could be repaired in the islands , a councillor has said .
Ireland head coach Joe Schmidt says he was proud of his side 's fightback against Argentina .
Derby County have agreed a deal to sign Burton Albion defender George Taft on a season-long loan .
It all started with a question on the radio .
Work to repair a railway station which was badly damaged by flooding has begun .
A total of 66.6% of pupils in Wales achieved at least a C in their GCSEs , including English and maths .
London mayor Boris Johnson 's announcement that he will campaign for the UK to leave the EU has been widely welcomed in European media .
Military forces have entered The Gambia in a bid to remove President Yahya Jammeh .
I 'm feeling a bit stiff , '' says Daisy the sheep .
The Revenant was the big winner at this year 's Golden Globe Awards , picking up three prizes in total .
Cameroon defender Mathieu Chedjou has joined Istanbul Basaksehir on a two-year deal .
Labour is  walking in the opposite direction '' to the Conservatives , a senior MP has said .
A body has been found during the search for a missing cyclist in Cornwall .
Stem cells that can resist the effects of cancer-killing toxins have been developed by scientists in the US .
Northampton Saints wing Ben Foden says he will have to up his game if he is to compete with Harlequins team-mate Mike Brown for a place in England 's Six Nations squad .
League One side MK Dons have re-signed Brighton & Hove Albion midfielder Lewis Dunk on loan until the end of the season .
Nottingham Forest came from behind to earn a point against Preston at the City Ground .
Fifa president Sepp Blatter and Uefa chief Michel Platini have been banned from all football-related activity for eight years .
A water main burst in south-west London causing flooding at a railway station .
A tree surgeon has died after being crushed by a chainsaw in south-east London .
The family of a woman murdered by her estranged husband have backed a campaign to raise awareness of stalking .
In the past few days , Iran 's military has launched a major offensive in northern Syria .
Riot police have clashed with Leicester City fans in central Madrid ahead of their Champions League match against Atletico Madrid .
A dog has become one of the most travelled animals on EasyJet .
Liverpool manager Jurgen Klopp said his players were  tired '' after a hectic festive period .
Actress Lily James used to be a bit of a fighter .
Women who have had breast implant surgery in England are to be tracked in a new online registry .
A murder investigation has been launched after a man was stabbed to death .
A man armed with a gun has robbed a cash machine outside a supermarket in Glasgow .
A monster truck has crashed into a crowd of spectators at a car show in the northern Netherlands , killing three people .
Prince Charles has paid tribute to those from a remote Scottish village who died in World War One .
Each day we feature a photograph sent in from across England - the gallery will grow during the week .
The family of a man murdered nine years ago have said they have no faith in the justice system .
Rory McIlroy 's response to the Ryder Cup draw at Gleneagles was unequivocal .
A man who was caught with a fake gun near two West Sussex primary schools has been jailed .
The European Commission has said it will back the construction of a new nuclear power station at Hinkley Point in Somerset .
Dagenham & Redbridge have been relegated from League Two after losing to Leyton Orient .
Cristiano Ronaldo was left out of Portugal 's starting line-up as Cape Verde Islands won 2-0 in a friendly in Praia .
The Turkish authorities have lifted a ban on female police officers wearing headscarves .
A dog had to be rescued by firefighters after becoming stuck in a chair .
A baby has been saved from choking on his own vomit after his mother gave him a spray to help him swallow .
Scotland striker Jess Evans admits qualifying for the Euro 2017 finals would be  more heartbreak than humiliation '' .
A 25-year-old motorcyclist has died following a crash in Kilkeel , County Antrim .
A man and his dog have been rescued after their car plunged into a lake in Hertfordshire .
David Beckham 's bid to launch a Major League Soccer team in Miami has moved a step closer .
A new sixth form college is set to open in Flintshire .
Celtic have injury concerns ahead of their Champions League qualifier against Rosenborg .
The world 's most active people are in Hong Kong , according to the largest study of its kind .
The Duchess of Cambridge has taken part in a tennis workshop run by tennis star Judy Murray .
An elderly woman was assaulted with a crowbar during an attempted robbery in Aberdeen .
The family of a British man missing in Brussels have appealed for help to find him .
Celtic Energy 's chief executive has defended the company 's record .
A road in the Scottish Borders is to be closed to allow work on a flood protection scheme to take place .
Pop-trance duo The KLF -LRB- The K Foundation -RRB- were one of the biggest bands in the UK in the late 1980s and early 1990s , but they split up in 1993 .
Bayern Munich moved seven points clear at the top of the Bundesliga with a comfortable win at Stuttgart .
Maxine Peake , Matt Lucas and Elaine Paige are to star in Russell T Davies ' new TV adaptation of Shakespeare 's The Dream .
Pro-Russian militants have attacked government buildings in the eastern Ukrainian city of Luhansk .
Former Peterborough United manager and player Chris Turner has died at the age of 67 .
New Zealand survived a huge scare to beat South Africa and reach the World Cup final .
Plans for a shake-up of English football have been backed by the Premier League and the Football Association .
A prisoner is to stand trial accused of attacking a doctor with a razor blade at a hospital in North Lanarkshire .
The Polish government has backed calls for former Prime Minister Donald Tusk to be prosecuted over the 2010 plane crash that killed President Lech Kaczynski and 95 others .
Celtic manager Brendan Rodgers is relishing the prospect of taking his side to Hampden for Saturday 's Scottish Cup semi-final against Rangers .
The board of US clothing retailer American Apparel has accused its former chief executive, Dov Charney , of sexual harassment and discrimination .
In her first interview as the new director of the Tate , Sarah Balshaw tells the BBC that she is already working on plans to expand the museum .
There has been a further fall in the number of recorded homicides in Scotland , according to new figures .
Police in Los Angeles have defended their decision to evacuate schools after a threat of a Columbine-style attack .
Russia says it will continue its air strikes in Syria despite the US threatening to end military co-operation .
Animal rights activists in China have handed in a petition calling for an end to a dog meat festival .
Scunthorpe United midfielder Ben Bishop has signed a new one-year contract with the club .
A care home has been told to improve after inspectors found it to be  inadequate '' .
Repairs to a burst water main in the Republic of Ireland have begun .
A paramedic who squeezed his colleague 's breast with a pen has been struck off .
It 's like a game of musical chairs , where you 're trying to find the right drug at the right time .
The legal case brought by ex-Saracens player Marcus Willis could have a  dangerous precedent '' , according to Premiership clubs .
Dumfries and Galloway Council 's investment in major festivals and events has helped to boost the region 's economy , a report has found .
Russian warships have tracked a Dutch submarine in the Mediterranean Sea , the Russian defence ministry says .
It 's one year since Nepal was hit by a massive earthquake .
A newly crowned Miss America has been criticised for saying that the US healthcare system is a  privilege '' .
England captain Alastair Cook says Australia are still favourites to win the Ashes , despite his side winning the first Test in Cardiff .
Manchester City have made a bid of about # 20m for West Brom captain Jonny Evans .
Mae crwner wedi dweud bod ei marwolaeth o dan nes i gn ei ffrind ar l cyfnod y Nadolig .
US carmaker General Motors -LRB- GM -RRB- has said it will stop making cars in India .
France 's Alexander Levy will take a six-shot lead into the final round of the BMW International in Germany .
Claims that the murder of former MI5 agent Denis Donaldson was sanctioned by Sinn Fin leader Gerry Adams are  absolute nonsense '' , the family 's lawyer has said .
A body has been found in the search for a man who went missing off the coast of Cornwall .
A man is in a critical condition in hospital after a suspected hit-and-run in Shoreham .
The Scottish government is to set up a # 1m fund to help people who have lost their jobs in the oil and gas industry retrain .
Celtic 's Brendan Rodgers , Aberdeen 's Derek McInnes and Partick Thistle 's Alan Archibald have been nominated for the PFA Scotland manager of the year award .
Mexican authorities say they have arrested six people suspected of involvement in the escape of the country 's most-wanted drug lord , Joaquin  El Chapo '' Guzman .
US Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump has cancelled a rally in Chicago after violent clashes with protesters .
A court in Japan has ruled that nuclear power can resume in the country .
The UK 's three intelligence agencies have stepped up efforts to recruit more women .
South Africa 's government has proposed a national minimum wage of 12,000 rand -LRB- $ 1 -RRB- per hour .
An exhumation order has been granted for the body of a man who was shot by the Army in 1971 to be exhumed after a bullet was found in his body .
Former Nottingham Forest goalkeeper Michael McGovern believes Oliver Burke has the potential to become a top player .
Russell Brand has been criticised for tweeting a journalist 's phone number and email .
The authorities in Rome have begun cutting padlocks attached to a historic bridge in a bid to stop them falling off .
A man has died following a three-vehicle crash in the Highlands .
Power has been restored to 10,000 properties left without electricity in Lancashire after a fault at a substation .
Kenya 's President Uhuru Kenyatta has promised to lift a ban on firms linked to Somalia .
Two people have been arrested after an 80-year-old man was killed in a hit-and-run in Kent .
Ospreys maintained their winning start to the Pro12 season with a comfortable victory over a much-changed Treviso side .
Barcelona boss Luis Enrique says his side 's performance was better than Real Madrid 's in the 1-1 draw at the Nou Camp .
Crofters could be offered loans to help them buy their own homes , Rural Economy Minister Aileen McLeod has said .
The Museum of Science and Industry in London is trying to rebuild its famous robot .
An Italian political party has apologised after using a photo of a young British gay man in an election leaflet .
The government should give its  full backing '' to the Swansea Bay tidal lagoon , an MP has said .
Eight puppies have been stolen from a house in West Lothian .
Sale Sharks have signed Scotland international Josh Strauss from Glasgow Warriors on a two-year deal .
The battle to retake Falluja from so-called Islamic State -LRB- IS -RRB- is far from over , a US military spokesman has said .
Celtic defender Mikael Lustig says manager Ronny Deila is not to blame for the club 's failure to reach the Champions League .
Former celebrity publicist Max Clifford refused to comment on an allegation that he indecently assaulted a woman in his office , a court has heard .
The UK will not be allowed to negotiate its own trade deals after it leaves the EU , the EU 's top official has said .
Turkish Prime Minister Recep Tayyip Erdogan has defended his government 's decision to ban Twitter .
The Chilean government has declared a state of emergency in parts of central Chile hit by a powerful earthquake .
The new Clerk of the House of Commons has been announced by Speaker John Bercow .
A new film explores the future of cinema and how digital technology is changing the way films are made .
Former heavyweight champion Eddie Shavers believes Muhammad Ali would have beaten Wladimir Klitschko if he was alive today .
Gateshead striker Lee Johnson has signed a new two-year contract with the National League club .
The government has launched the process to award new rail franchises in the north of England and Scotland .
Ukrainian President Viktor Yanukovych has held talks in Russia with President Vladimir Putin , his office says .
A 16-year-old boy was abducted and assaulted in a suspected honour-based attack in Blackburn .
A bitter war of words has broken out in Russia .
A chronology of key events : , .
The BBC 's Global iPlayer app is to close on 26 June , the corporation has confirmed .
The firm behind plans to frack for shale gas in Lancashire has pledged to spend at least 50m '' in the county .
Sadiq Khan has become the first Muslim mayor of London .
Fleetwood Town have signed Swindon Town striker Lloyd Burns on loan until the end of the season .
A major shopping complex in County Tyrone has been flooded .
A US court has ruled that a short sample in Madonna 's Vogue does not amount to copyright infringement .
A woman has been taken to hospital after her car crashed into a tunnel in Cardiff .
A man has been banned from owning animals after he was filmed eating a guinea pig .
A trade mission led by Scottish Enterprise is visiting Myanmar to explore opportunities for Scottish companies in the country 's oil and gas industry .
World heavyweight champion Tyson Fury is a driver in a box .
An Italian court has overturned the convictions of a group of earthquake experts for manslaughter .
A row has broken out between Weeley Borough Council 's leader and councillors over plans to recharge a beach with groynes .
Britain 's Andy Murray beat Spain 's Albert Ramos-Vinolas for the second time in a week to reach the semi-finals of the Barcelona Open .
High drama school fees and a lack of diversity behind the scenes are  contributing to a diversity crisis '' in the arts in England , a report has said .
An elderly man accused of murdering his wife at a Cambridgeshire care home has died .
US consumer confidence has fallen sharply in March , a survey has suggested .
Several Scots have been recognised in the Queen 's Birthday Honours list .
A Chinese blogger has challenged women to shave their armpits .
Edinburgh and Glasgow airports have called on the UK government to devolve control over air passenger duty -LRB- APD -RRB- to Scotland .
Rory McIlroy finished joint second as Japan 's Hideki Matsuyama claimed a record-breaking victory in Shanghai .
An Air France passenger plane has been diverted to Glasgow Prestwick Airport after reports of a  slight smell of burning '' on board .
The first minister has said he does not know what the NHS in Wales will look like by 2020 if the Conservatives win the general election .
Investigations are continuing into the cause of a plane crash which killed two men .
A man has denied falsely claiming to be a victim of the Grenfell Tower fire .
It 's well known that one in five new fathers suffers from postnatal depression .
A new service to help children and young people with mental health problems is being launched in Berkshire .
The first acts have been announced for this year 's Wickerman Festival in Perthshire .
An alpaca which was seriously injured in a dog attack has died .
French far-right presidential candidate Marine Le Pen has met Russian President Vladimir Putin in Moscow .
Ireland have qualified for the Women 's World Twenty20 Super Six after finishing third in their group .
An Indian airline has banned an MP from flying after he slapped a staff member .
French astronaut Thomas Pesquet has captured a stunning view of Belgium from space .
Former Northern Ireland midfielder Dean Shiels has signed for North American Soccer League side FC Edmonton .
A private school in Surrey is considering introducing a gender neutral uniform .
India 's government has proposed a law that would require companies to apply for a licence to gather and distribute geospatial information .
A number of schools and homes have been closed after a water main burst .
British heptathlete Kelly Sotherton says she is open to the idea of rewriting world records set before 2005 .
At least three people have been killed and seven injured in a shooting at a wood processing plant in western Switzerland , officials say .
National Theatre director Rufus Norris has said he is considering introducing quotas to improve diversity in the organisation .
Former darts world champion Eric Bristow has been dropped by Sky Sports for comments he made about footballers who were sexually abused as children .
A councillor has been elected as the new leader of Birmingham City Council .
Czech cyclist Roman Kreuziger has been cleared of doping by the country 's Olympic Committee .
Olympic sailing champion Ben Ainslie has launched a new team to challenge for the America 's Cup .
Tributes have been paid to a dog walker who died after falling into the sea off the Kent coast .
Meet Carissa Hermet , she 's a chess player from New York .
The number of people with visual impairment is set to soar , according to researchers .
It 's a good day to be a local authority leader .
Mark Barnett has been appointed as Derbyshire 's new director of cricket .
Police investigating the death of a man in North Lanarkshire have said he was struck by a car .
The cost of making and receiving phone calls abroad has been cut by up to 75% .
Manchester United manager Jose Mourinho says some of his players do not cope with the pressure of winning .
Labour 's Jon Ashworth has been re-elected as police and crime commissioner for Cleveland .
It was a weekend of Champions League success for Real Madrid as Gareth Bale became the first player to score 30 league goals in a season .
Former world number one Victoria Azarenka has pulled out of the US Open because of family reasons .
Aston Villa and Leicester City have been charged by the Football Association for failing to control their players during Saturday 's game at Villa Park .
Seven-time Tour de France winner Greg LeMond says Lance Armstrong should not be allowed to race again .
The chief executive of Qantas , Alan Joyce , has said he will campaign for same-sex marriage in Australia .
Ospreys have signed Namibia international prop Brian Mujati until the end of the season .
A tree is to be planted in Carmarthenshire to mark the 300th anniversary of the birth of Capability Brown .
Spain 's Sergio Garcia will take a one-shot lead into the final round of the Dubai Desert Classic .
Four people have been rescued after their yacht ran aground off the County Antrim coast .
Facebook 's chief executive has said he is sympathetic to Apple and the FBI in their dispute over access to a phone used by one of the San Bernardino attackers .
The Gambia has announced it is leaving the Commonwealth .
A Chinese company has pleaded guilty to illegally exporting a coating used in nuclear reactors to Pakistan .
Aston Villa have signed Czech Republic striker Jan Kozak from Sparta Prague for an undisclosed fee .
Annalisa Quinn is taking on the Couch to 5K challenge to help her lose weight .
A teacher who sexually assaulted a 14-year-old girl has been given a two-year suspended sentence .
The number of fans attending Scottish football matches has reached a 10-year high .
A man whose car was stolen has been told by police it is no longer an investigation .
A North Korean factory has developed a hangover-free spirit , according to the Pyongyang Times .
In our series of letters from doctors , Dr Helen Stokes-Lampard , chairwoman of the Royal College of GPs , asks doctors to do more to talk about dying .
One of the world 's biggest bridges has been built in Hong Kong .
A vigil has been held in Cardiff Bay for the victims of the Paris attacks .
Rob Andrew 's late try gave Ulster victory over 14-man Newport Gwent Dragons at Rodney Parade .
The future of Russia coach Fabio Capello is in doubt , according to the country 's football federation .
A court in Egypt has delayed the verdict in the retrial of three Al Jazeera journalists accused of aiding the Muslim Brotherhood .
A special screening of the Oscar-winning film Slumdog Millionaire is to be held in Kingussie .
Workers at the Post Office are to stage a 24-hour strike in a dispute over branch closures .
Ukrainian government forces and pro-Russian rebels have begun withdrawing heavy weapons from the front line in eastern Ukraine .
The main political parties in Wales have published their manifestos for the general election .
Portugal 's victory in the Eurovision Song Contest has been hailed as a triumph for the country 's national identity .
It has been described as  the biggest scandal since the fall of the Berlin Wall '' .
Two police community support officers -LRB- PCSOs -RRB- have been jailed for misconduct .
A group of former supermarket bosses has joined forces to warn that a vote to leave the European Union could lead to higher prices .
British rower David Pitcher is about to embark on his second attempt to cross the Atlantic solo .
A petition calling for a referendum on the creation of an elected mayor for Bath and North East Somerset has been handed in to the council .
Hundreds of people have taken part in a protest march against the closure of Kids Company .
Four Welsh health boards have been told by the Welsh Government they must improve their finances or face being bailed out .
Justice Secretary Kenny MacAskill has announced that mobile phone jamming equipment is to be installed in Scottish prisons .
John O 'Flynn 's injury-time equaliser earned 10-man Crusaders a draw against Coleraine at Windsor Park .
The remains of 10 British soldiers who died on the Western Front in World War One have been identified .
A British couple have died while on holiday in Morocco .
Primary school children in England are to be tested in maths for the first time .
Laura Andrews says she has been overwhelmed by the reaction to her 10,000m victory at the British Championships in London .
David Cameron has been caught on camera apparently eating a Pringles sandwich on a plane .
Morecambe 's poor home form continued as they lost 3-1 to Mansfield at the Globe Arena .
New Zealand equalled Australia 's record of 12 consecutive World Cup wins with an emphatic victory over France .
The cosmetics company Avon is to close its operations in France .
When it comes to saving money , the internet is a good place to start .
Adolf Hitler 's Mein Kampf is to be published for the first time in 70 years , after the copyright expired .
Head coach Milton Haig says Georgia want to play in an expanded Six Nations .
Russia 's foreign minister has accused the US of  floundering '' in Syria .
A man who helped dispose of a man 's body in a park has been jailed .
Scotland 's Laura Muir has been named in the British team for this weekend 's European Indoor Championships .
British black actors are being let down by a lack of opportunities in the UK , according to Vera Jumbo .
Exeter Chiefs trio Marcus Horstmann , Dave Atkins and Julian Salvi have all signed new contracts with the Premiership club .
A powerful earthquake has struck southern Japan , a day after a deadly quake hit the region .
A campaign to change the name of a Gwynedd beach is under way .
Carbon emissions from the burning of fossil fuels are much faster than previously thought , a study suggests .
A low-calorie diet that mimics famine can regenerate the pancreas , scientists say .
The number of people applying for loans to fund major purchases is rising , a bank has said .
Belfast Harbour has announced plans for a third office development in the city centre .
The man accused of murdering his children 's author wife had considered jumping off a cliff , a court has heard .
A former finance director has admitted defrauding a hospital charity out of # 430,000 .
Bog snorkelling is one of the attractions at this year 's National Family Games in Powys .
Pop star Justin Bieber has been sentenced to 90 days in jail for throwing eggs at his neighbour 's home .
More than a third of drivers have had their vehicles damaged by potholes in the past two years , the AA has said .
A pedestrian who died after being hit by a car has been named by police .
A group of voters have launched a legal challenge to the election of a mayor in east London .
The Football Association are celebrating 150 years of the game .
Footage has emerged of the moment a van carrying boxer Floyd Mayweather was set on fire outside a hotel .
The daughter of a man who died after being fed a prescription drug by a nurse has criticised a hospital which is still in special measures .
Dogs and other animals should be allowed on hospital wards , says the Royal College of Nursing -LRB- RCN -RRB- .
Motherwell have confirmed that Saturday 's Premiership match against Aberdeen will go ahead .
The RSPCA has warned people not to buy or keep raccoon dogs .
Plans to extend the Premiership season from nine to 10 months have  serious implications '' for players , according to the Rugby Players ' Association .
Bank of England governor Mark Carney has defended the Bank 's response to the UK 's vote to leave the EU .
Norwich City midfielder James Maddison has signed a new one-year contract with the Championship club .
Millions of people could be forced to leave their homes to make way for national parks , according to a new report .
Ireland 's men secured a place in the quarter-finals of the EuroHockey Championships with a 4-2 win over Germany in Berlin .
The US space company has unveiled plans for a new rocket that will be significantly cheaper to build and operate .
Shrewsbury Town have signed Reading defender Alex Jules on a two-year deal for an undisclosed fee .
Thousands of pounds worth of fittings and fixtures from the Dismaland exhibition have been donated to a refugee camp .
A holidaymaker died of an anaphylactic shock after eating a sorbet at a hotel on the Greek island of Rhodes , an inquest has heard .
Alliance Trust , one of the UK 's biggest investment managers , has been taken out of the formal takeover process .
Celtic were the only Scottish Premiership club to make an impact on the transfer market during the January window , and they did it in the most unusual of ways .
A woman from Paris is taking the French government to court over air pollution .
Jordan Rhodes scored twice in stoppage time as Championship leaders Middlesbrough came from behind to beat Bolton Wanderers at the Macron Stadium .
Jenson Button says Sunday 's Hungarian Grand Prix will be his final Formula 1 race .
Shareholders in Samsung C&T , one of South Korea 's biggest construction firms , have approved a controversial merger .
A council and police force have been criticised by the auditor general for unlawful pension payments to their chief executives .
Sheepdog patrols may help to reduce the spread of E. coli , a new study suggests .
Two brothers who murdered a man in a  merciless '' knife and nunchuck attack have been jailed .
A plaque has been unveiled in Liverpool to commemorate the city 's role in the Spanish Civil War .
Sportswear giant Adidas will end its sponsorship of athletics ' world governing body the IAAF at the end of the year .
Crewe Alexandra manager Steve Davis says the club 's young players are a key factor in the future of the club .
Harlow , in Essex , is celebrating its 70th birthday .
It has been a remarkable year for Andy Murray .
An increase in council tax to pay for social care would disproportionately affect parts of Wales , a minister has said .
An app that uses facial-recognition technology to identify people has been launched in the UK .
At the Paris Air Show , a new stealth fighter is on display .
Environment Minister Mark H Durkan was wrong to approve a controversial planning framework for Belfast , the High Court has ruled .
England 's innings-and-209-run win over Pakistan in the second Test was an  absolute hammering '' , says former captain Michael Vaughan .
The Coventry City Supporters ' Trust has condemned the behaviour of some fans during Saturday 's defeat by Northampton .
Sale 's hopes of reaching the European Champions Cup quarter-finals suffered a heavy defeat at Clermont Auvergne .
The world 's largest container ship has arrived in Suffolk .
The owners of Dunsfold Park airfield in Edinburgh have lost a legal bid to overturn a decision not to grant permission for unrestricted flying .
Serial killer Levi Bellfield has denied giving a confession to the murder of 13-year-old Milly Dowler .
The ex-wife of a man involved in a deadly cafe siege in Sydney has been sentenced to life in prison for the murder of her former wife .
Funding for sport in Wales needs to be increased , a leading football figure has said .
Former Scotland captain Scott Brown 's decision to come out of international retirement was  premature '' , according to Neil Lennon .
Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump has said he is  afraid '' the US election will be rigged .
French actor Gerard Depardieu has said he has been granted Russian citizenship .
A 23-year-old man has been arrested in connection with the death of another man in West Lothian .
The UK 's wild rabbits and hares are being sought for a national survey .
The Department of Roads -LRB- DRD -RRB- has been criticised for its handling of the crash that killed a teenager in west Belfast .
It is  perverse and counterproductive '' for the government to divert money raised from a sugar tax towards general school funding , councils say .
A record number of cannabis plants were seized by police in the last year .
East Midlands Airport -LRB- EMA -RRB- is to close for six weekends for a # 1m refurbishment of its runway .
Celtic striker Patrick Roberts says he is  proud '' to have turned down the chance to play for Wales at the World Cup .
For more than a decade , a stately home in the south west of Scotland has been at the centre of a long saga .
African champions Zambia have been drawn in the same group as Iran and Costa Rica at the Fifa Under-20 World Cup in South Korea .
Scotland head coach Gordon Strachan will name his first-team squad for the double-header against the Czech Republic and Scotland Under-21s later this month .
Virgin Money boss Jayne-Anne Gadhia is to lead a review of student support in Scotland .
A reality TV show has given a town a  certain stereotype '' , tourism bosses have warned .
In the 10 years since his brother-in-law carried out the 7/7 bombings , Hasib Patel has been left devastated .
The Scottish Green Party has gained its first councillor in the local elections .
A 25-year-old man has been stabbed in the leg in an attack in west Belfast .
The new Bishop of Gloucester has been formally installed .
First Minister Nicola Sturgeon has visited a school in the Scottish Borders to highlight efforts to close the attainment gap between rich and poor children .
A boat crash which left nine people injured could not have been prevented , a report has concluded .
Olympic gold medallist Katherine Grainger says she owes her success to her karate teacher , Willie Davis .
YouTube is cracking down on people who buy fake views .
A 20-year-old British man has survived falling from a 14th floor balcony in New Zealand .
Austria has said it will limit the number of asylum-seekers it takes in , amid a growing migrant crisis in Europe .
Up to 500 new homes could be built in Swansea over the next 10 years , under plans being drawn up by the city council .
American Charley Hoffman became the first player to shoot under 70 in the opening round of the Masters since 1941 .
The Welsh Green Party has launched its local election campaign .
Russia has accused Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdogan and his family of involvement in the illegal oil trade with so-called Islamic State -LRB- IS -RRB- .
The government has won a Commons vote on its new budget rules , despite a rebellion by Labour MPs .
A 14-year-old boy has been arrested after a teacher and pupil were stabbed at a school .
A 25-year-old man has won the men 's title at the National Blind Conker Games .
A court in Brazil has ruled that Barcelona 's Brazilian footballer Neymar and his father Neymar da Silva dos Santos must pay a total of  1m -LRB- # 900,000 -RRB- in damages .
EU foreign ministers have agreed to set up a military operation to stabilise the Central African Republic -LRB- CAR -RRB- .
A British MEP is to leave the European Parliament to take up a post in the United States .
An RAF jet was scrambled to intercept a civilian aircraft at Prestwick Airport in Ayrshire .
The UN has proposed a national unity government to Libya 's warring factions .
-LRB- Close -RRB- : European stock markets rose on Friday , recovering some of the ground lost in the previous session .
A former IRA man has been given the go-ahead to challenge a request by police to see interviews he gave to a US university .
Oil prices have fallen below $30 a barrel for the first time in more than a decade .
US President Donald Trump has suffered a major setback after his healthcare bill was withdrawn just hours before a vote in the House of Representatives .
A former loyalist prisoner is taking legal action against a US university after it was ordered to hand over tapes he gave to researchers .
Martha Cooper and Henry Chalfant were among the first photographers to capture the graffiti artists of the 1980s in New York .
Chelsea manager Antonio Conte says there are six teams capable of winning the Premier League title this season .
Former British number one Laura Robson has confirmed she will return to Nottingham for the first time since 2013 .
England wing Anthony Watson has been charged by the Rugby Football Union with two offences following his red card in Bath 's defeat by Saracens .
Widnes Vikings forward Ryan Mellor has signed a new two-year deal with the Super League side .
More than 3,000 people , including children , have been evacuated from eastern Aleppo , the Red Cross says .
Two men have been assaulted by a gang of men during a robbery in Paisley .
AP McCoy won the Queen Mother Champion Chase for the first time with Don Cossack .
Zimbabwe 's President Robert Mugabe has said he will step down at the end of the year .
Mae arweinydd Plaid Cymru , wedi cyhoeddi ar l Brexit '' .
Kidderminster Harriers chairman Lee Brown says caretaker boss Colin Gordon should be given the full-time job as head coach .
A woman has been charged with the murder of a man in north Belfast .
The suicide bomber who attacked a military parade in the Turkish capital , Ankara , was the son of a Kurdish militant , reports say .
The sister of a woman allegedly murdered by her ex-boyfriend has told a court she urged her to contact police .
The head of the architecture department at the University of Texas has resigned in protest at a new law allowing students to carry guns on campus .
Ross County have made Jim O'Brien their fifth summer signing .
Moussa Dembele insists he is happy at Celtic despite reports linking him with a move to Chelsea .
Ukraine 's President Viktor Yanukovych and opposition leaders have signed a deal aimed at ending months of anti-government protests .
Ed Miliband has resigned as leader of the Labour Party .
A man has been charged with murder after a man was found injured in a car in Oxford .
For many years gay and bisexual men in the UK have been banned from donating blood .
Swansea City head coach Paul Clement says defender Alfie Mawson has the potential to be a top Premier League player .
The Elton John Aids Foundation has offered to fund HIV testing in Lambeth .
The Aurora Borealis -LRB- aurora borealis -RRB- is a result of charged particles hitting the Earth 's magnetic field .
A new compensation scheme for victims of asbestos-related cancer , mesothelioma , has been announced by the government .
An 80-year-old woman has died after being hit by a truck .
Britain 's Kyle Edmund reached the second round of the Nastase Tiriac Trophy with a straight-set win over Italy 's Andreas Seppi .
Steam trains are returning to the railway for the first time in a decade .
Police in Somalia have released a video apparently showing the moment a plane was bombed last month .
The families of two inmates who took their own lives at a prison have asked the High Court for a judicial review .
A crowdfunding campaign for a David Bowie memorial in south London has failed to reach its target .
A yellow "be aware" warning for ice has been issued for much of Scotland .
Many people in the East Midlands are concerned about the cost of Christmas , according to a BBC survey .
Glasgow School of Art 's newest building is due to open later .
Tributes have been paid to a long-serving Bristol councillor .
Everton were knocked out of the Europa League as Krasnodar 's Ivan Laborde scored the only goal of the game at Goodison Park .
Torquay United manager Kevin Nicholson says the club 's new owners must prove they are committed to the club .
Some countries are failing to provide enough laboratory testing for people living with HIV , say experts from the World Health Organization .
Danish brewer Carlsberg has warned that full-year profits will be lower than expected .
Police are investigating after members of Britain First entered a mosque in Cardiff .
The European Union -LRB- EU -RRB- is withholding money owed to Ugandan, Burundian and Kenyan soldiers fighting in Somalia , the BBC has learned .
A man has died in a house fire in Elgin .
World track cycling champion Martyn Irvine has been named BBC Northern Ireland 's Sports Personality of the Year for 2013 .
A municipal councillor has been killed in the southern Indian state of Andhra Pradesh .
Syrian government forces have retaken the strategically important town of al-Qaryatain from Islamic State -LRB- IS -RRB- , the army says .
Archaeologists have revealed some of the finds made during work on the Inverness West Link .
Salford Red Devils half-back Rangi Chase is to join Super League rivals Leigh Centurions .
England 's Laura Massaro , Sarah-Jane Perry and Nick Matthew have reached the British Open final .
US President Barack Obama has asked for $ 50m -LRB- # 34m -RRB- to fund body cameras and police reform .
Lancashire director of cricket Ashley Giles has criticised his side 's performance in the One-Day Cup defeat by Leicestershire .
US presidential hopeful Donald Trump is facing criticism for his campaign 's  culture of violence '' .
Tens of thousands of people in the UK are being offered the chance to have their DNA analysed for the first time .
Gorka Izagirre won stage nine of the Giro d 'Italia as Luxembourg 's Bob Jungels retained the overall lead .
Michael Johnston has stepped down as majority shareholder and chairman of Kilmarnock .
Charlton Athletic has launched an internal investigation after a former player claimed he was sexually abused by a scout .
The knockout stages of the European Championship have begun , with the likes of England , Germany , France , Italy and Spain all set to take part in the last 16 .
A man has been arrested in connection with a serious assault in Glasgow city centre .
A man who stamped his partner to death has had his jail sentence increased on appeal .
People living in rural areas have been sharing their experiences of the rollout of superfast broadband .
Royal Dutch Shell has said it will resume drilling for oil in the Arctic this summer , despite fierce opposition from environmentalists .
Aberdeen 's hopes of reaching the third qualifying round of the Europa League suffered a blow as they lost to Swiss side Fola Esch .
A British teenager stranded in Nepal after the earthquake was given a drink and a Snickers bar by embassy staff , her mother has said .
Arsenal manager Arsene Wenger says he has no interest in signing Zlatan Ibrahimovic .
A health board has admitted it may have contributed to the deaths of patients on a mental health ward .
Shrewsbury and Fleetwood played out a goalless draw in the first round of the EFL Cup .
England reached the semi-finals of the Under-20 World Cup with a narrow win over Mexico in South Korea .
David Sweat , one of two murderers who escaped from a prison in New York state , has been shot and captured , officials say .
The National Council for Teachers in Wales -LRB- NCC -RRB- has become the first in Wales to regulate the profession of youth work .
The Archbishop of Wales has defended his opposition to organ donation .
Everton have appointed Leicester City 's director of football Steve Walsh as their new assistant manager .
A turtle that washed up on a beach on the Isle of Man is to be cared for in a special tank .
About 100 farmers and their supporters have attended a rally outside the Scottish Parliament .
A firearms officer has been disciplined for carrying a gun while on duty .
League One side Blackburn Rovers have signed Aston Villa midfielder Joe Mason and Chelsea defender Josh Houghton on season-long loan deals .
Benedict Cumberbatch , Keira Knightley and Olivia Colman are among a host of celebrities who have taken part in a # 1 in 4 selfie to raise awareness of mental health .
A man has died after getting into difficulty in the sea off Cornwall .
If you want to know why China 's economy is in trouble , spare a thought for Mervyn King .
A former chief scientist at Nasa has urged scientists not to panic about access to government data on climate change .
Foreign Secretary Boris Johnson has been accused of behaving like a  poodle '' .
Josephine , one of the members of the band Oh Wonder , was left devastated when she and her bandmates were caught up in the London Underground terror attack .
Masters champion Sergio Garcia and Open champion Henrik Stenson share the lead at the BMW International in Munich .
The US Senate has voted against ratifying a UN treaty aimed at protecting the rights of the disabled .
Colombian President Juan Manuel Santos has been awarded the Nobel Peace Prize .
A 15-year-old boy has been arrested after driving a tractor as a taxi in North Yorkshire .
Olympic champion Dani King is considering a return to the track for Wales at the 2018 Commonwealth Games .
Derbyshire 's Alex Davies and Matt Jarvis shared an unbroken century stand to put the hosts in a strong position against Lancashire .
Czech football coach Frantisek Fitzel believes a 16-team league in Scotland would benefit the game in his country .
Wales made a winning start to their 2018 World Cup qualifying campaign with a comfortable victory over Moldova .
New Celtic manager Brendan Rodgers says he has already held talks with his players .
John Sheridan 's first game in charge of Newport County ended in a 1-1 draw with Exeter City .
A council has said it has had to place Kent children outside of the county due to the migrant crisis .
The Australian government has agreed to pay # 70m -LRB- # 50m -RRB- to settle a legal action brought by asylum seekers held in a detention centre in Papua New Guinea .
Manager Neil Warnock says he is concerned about Cardiff City 's habit of conceding late goals .
Volunteers are being urged to help clean up the Isle of Man 's beaches .
A 16-year-old boy has appeared in court charged with the murder of a man in Essex .
A man has died following a two-vehicle crash on the A1 in County Down .
Kent chairman John Kennedy is to step down after eight years in charge .
The head of England 's police and crime commissioner -LRB- APCC -RRB- had to resign before appearing on Question Time , it has emerged .
Libya 's defence minister has renounced his resignation , the prime minister 's office has said .
mSpy , the UK-based company behind mobile phone spying software , has admitted that customer data has been stolen .
The US has suspended its participation in talks with Russia aimed at ending the conflict in Syria .
Hundreds of people have attended the funeral of two young brothers found dead in a car in the Republic of Ireland .
The owner of Dundee Football Club hopes to build a  21st century entertainment product '' at Dens Park .
An official from Belarus has been expelled from the Rio Paralympics for waving a Russian flag at the opening ceremony .
Hundreds of people have attended a meeting in Flintshire to discuss the future of a community hospital .
A 72-year-old woman has appeared in court charged with causing a crash in Aberdeenshire .
Middlesbrough winger Gaston Ramirez has left the Championship club by mutual consent .
Exeter Chiefs snatched a dramatic victory over European champions Saracens to set up a Premiership final against Saracens at Twickenham on Saturday .
Owen Sheers has won the Wales Book of the Year award for the second time with his poem , Pink Mist , about soldiers deployed to Afghanistan .
Brighton moved to the top of the Championship with victory at Ipswich .
Labour has retained the Bridgend West seat in the general election .
A service has been held in Cardiff to remember those who have died in conflict .
Alexis Sanchez marked his return from injury with the winner as Arsenal beat Burnley to reach the FA Cup quarter-finals .
A Syrian military jet has crashed in the country 's north-western province of Idlib , rebel groups say .
Britain 's Lani Belcher won a silver medal in the K1 200m at the Canoe Sprint World Championships in Milan .
British astronaut Tim Peake is due to blast off into space on Tuesday .
Mozambique , which won independence from Portugal in 1975 , is one of Africa 's poorest nations .
German authorities are investigating hundreds of paternity cases involving men who claim to be the father of babies born in Germany .
A British soldier killed in Afghanistan on Saturday has been named by the Ministry of Defence .
An appeal has been launched to raise funds for a new railway line in the Highlands .
A curfew imposed in the US city of Baltimore after the death of a black man in police custody has been lifted .
One of London 's biggest letting agents has been paid more than # 1m in housing benefit , the BBC has learned .
Welshman Jamie Donaldson carded a five-under-par 66 to take a one-shot lead after the second round of the Nordea Masters in Sweden .
An eight-year-old Canadian boy was left crying in the back seat of a plane after his family was left without a seat .
Video games giant Nintendo has reported its first quarterly loss in four years .
Scottish Borders Council is planning a major review of its school estate .
London 's hospitals are struggling to recruit nurses , according to a survey by the Royal College of Nursing .
A passenger plane has crashed into a bus near Ghana 's main airport in the capital , Accra .
Defending champion Garbine Muguruza reached the second round of the French Open with a 6-1 3-6 6-3 win over former champion Francesca Schiavone .
A  farcical '' order to cover up rude place names at a Women 's Institute -LRB- WI -RRB- event has been described as  patronising '' .
National League side Gateshead have signed Rochdale strikeryal Bell on a two-year deal .
Former Jersey footballer Keith Le Saux believes there is still a long way to go before there are openly gay players in professional football .
Dogs could be banned from beaches in Pembrokeshire under plans being considered by the county council .
The Vatican 's former secretary of state is to donate 200,000 -LRB- # 170,000 -RRB- to a children 's hospital in Rome , after a scandal over his use of a luxury flat .
The so-called Islamic State -LRB- IS -RRB- has confirmed the death of its media chief , Abu Mohammed al-Furqan .
Scarlets have signed Wales Under-20 internationals James Hughes and Joe Evans for the 2017-18 season .
Jessica Ennis-Hill 's former coach Toni Minichiello believes Russia 's Tatyana Chernova should be reinstated as world heptathlon champion .
Dozens of gay men have been detained and tortured in the Russian republic of Chechnya , a gay rights group has told the BBC .
Hundreds of people have attended breastfeeding protests in Swansea and Staffordshire in support of a mother who was stopped from feeding her baby in public .
German carmaker Daimler has reported a second-quarter net profit of 1.8bn euros -LRB- # 1.5 bn -RRB- .
Sam Warburton says he is  more selfish '' after being stripped of the Wales captaincy by Eddie Jones .
Barry Milkins says his first-round win at the UK Championship was a  weight off his shoulders '' .
Robert Harsent has won the 2014 TS Eliot Prize for Poetry .
Lord Coe 's election as president of the International Association of Athletics Federations -LRB- IAAF -RRB- is widely seen as the crowning achievement of his career .
George Winton , who has died at the age of 100 , was a man of few words .
Former Formula 1 driver Mark Webber is on the verge of winning the World Endurance Championship for the first time .
A Nobel Prize-winning scientist has apologised for comments he is reported to have made about female colleagues .
There has been a rise in the number of people caught using mobile phones while driving in Wales , despite new penalties being introduced .
The majority of staff at Queen 's University in Belfast believe the institution 's leadership is poor , according to a new survey .
The chief minister of the Indian capital , Delhi , has vowed to continue his sit-in protest against police brutality .
The Youth Olympic Games get under way in Norway on Thursday .
A fire has broken out at a shopping centre in Cumbria .
An experimental drug has shown promising results in women with advanced ovarian cancer .
Junior doctors in England are to vote on whether to take industrial action in a dispute over a new contract .
Police in Greece are investigating comments made by members of the far-right Golden Dawn party about an alleged attack on a left-wing MP .
The High Court has ruled that the current abortion law in Northern Ireland is incompatible with human rights law .
The archive of travel writer , war hero and adventurer Sir Patrick Leigh Fermor has been catalogued by the National Library of Scotland .
Cornish Pirates head coach Alan Paver says he had doubts about the future of Sam Chapman .
Birmingham and Bolton played out a goalless draw at St Andrew 's in the Championship .
A polar bear that became a symbol of the UK 's animal rights movement has arrived at its new home at Chester Zoo .
An 87-year-old woman has been told she will have to pay almost # 20,000 for a phone line .
Coventry City Council has been criticised for taking more Syrian refugees than any other local authority .
UKIP leader Nigel Farage has said Wales gets a  rotten deal '' from the European Union .
Two police officers have been injured in a crash in Gwynedd .
A motorcyclist has died following a crash in South Yorkshire .
Newcastle United returned to the top of the Championship with victory over struggling Aston Villa .
A stained glass mosaic has been unveiled at Lincoln Cathedral to mark the 70th anniversary of a World War Two food campaign .
Chris Holroyd scored twice as Macclesfield came from behind to beat Dover in the National League .
A 25-year-old man has been charged in connection with the shooting of three cats in Surrey .
A former football coach has been arrested on suspicion of historical child sex offences .
Previews and team news for the weekend 's Premier League games .
Northern Ireland will host the 2021 Commonwealth Youth Games , it has been announced .
Two men have been stabbed in an attack in Ballymena , County Antrim .
St Mirren have signed Aberdeen striker Cammy Smith on loan until the end of the season .
Sinn Fin 's Mirtn  Maghaberry '' has said she will take legal action against the DUP 's planning minister .
West Ham striker Andy Carroll has been ruled out for the rest of the season with a hamstring injury .
The growth of the UK 's buy-to-let sector is set to slow , according to surveyors .
Pop star Kylie Minogue has received an honorary degree from a university in Hampshire .
British gymnast Jack MacKenzie has switched allegiance to South Africa in a bid to win a place at the Rio Olympics .
A controversial genetically modified rice crop has been vandalised in the Philippines .
A Plaid Cymru AM 's office has been broken into for the second time in a year , he has claimed .
A garden dedicated to the late musician Syd Barrett is to be built in his home city , his friend has said .
A series of 4,500-year-old  Neolithic huts '' have gone on display in Wiltshire .
A man has been found guilty of raping an elderly woman in her south London home .
A 23-year-old man has died in hospital following an assault in Grimsby .
Actor John McCowen , who played Q in the James Bond film Never Say Never Again , has died at the age of 90 .
Emmerdale is to open its set to the public for the first time , following the success of tours of Coronation Street .
The appointment of Ole Gunnar Solskjaer as Cardiff City manager was a huge gamble for the club .
The first new distillery in the Scottish Borders for nearly 200 years has opened .
Formula 1 bosses have failed to agree on a new qualifying system at the Bahrain Grand Prix .
Venezuela is temporarily closing its border with Colombia to combat the smuggling of cheap goods .
Captain Greig Laidlaw says Scotland must be  on top form '' to beat France in Paris on Saturday .
Plans to transform a Grade II-listed building in Aberystwyth into a  cultural quarter '' have been unveiled .
Monty Python star Michael Palin is to receive an honorary fellowship at this year 's Bafta TV awards .
UKIP leader Nigel Farage has said migrants from Eastern Europe should be banned from claiming in-work benefits .
The Mayor of London , Boris Johnson , has said the Night Tube will be introduced .
Former Respect MP George Galloway has been reported to police for allegedly discussing voting while polls were open at the Bradford West by-election .
England and Scotland meet at Wembley in a 2018 World Cup qualifier on Saturday .
The Metropolitan Police has apologised to the family of a man who was found dead in north London .
Liverpool 's mayor has set out plans to cut 90m from the city council 's budget over the next three years .
A batch of gin has been recalled in Canada after inspectors found it contained more alcohol than advertised .
In our series of letters from African journalists , Ghanaian writer Elizabeth Ohene , a former government minister and member of the opposition , considers why Ghanaians are so passionate about their national team .
A prize for funny children 's books is to be revived , it has been announced .
There 's a palpable sense of excitement in Europe 's capitals about the new British prime minister .
Charges have been dropped against a blogger who was accused of harassing a council leader .
The number of Syrian refugees resettling in Wales has more than doubled in the past four months .
It 's one of the BBC 's most popular shows , but it 's going to move to the US .
Glasgow City thrashed Inverness 14-0 in the first round of the Scottish Women 's Premier League Cup .
The United States women 's football team is to be honoured with a victory parade in New York City .
Power has been restored to all properties following a fault in the electricity network .
Derby County 's winless start to the Championship season continued with defeat at Ipswich .
Poland 's National Remembrance Institute -LRB- INR -RRB- has released a database of Nazi commanders and guards who worked at the Auschwitz death camp during World War II .
Kingfisher , the owner of B&Q , has agreed to sell a majority stake in its business in China to Wumei Holdings .
The Denver Nuggets will play the Indiana Pacers in a regular-season NBA game at the O2 Arena in London in January .
Swansea City defender Neil Taylor is likely to miss the rest of the season after breaking his ankle in Saturday 's 2-2 draw with Sunderland .
If you have ever wondered what it is like to be a medieval joust , you might be interested in the account given to the BBC by Jason Williams .
Jordan Clark scored a late winner as Accrington beat Bradford 2-1 at Valley Parade .
Adele has broken down in tears as she beat Beyonce to win album of the year at the Grammys .
A man who murdered a pensioner in Glasgow has been jailed for at least 13 years .
The funeral of a DJ whose body was found in a skip has been held .
A man has been fined for throwing a coin at a Celtic fan during a match against Aberdeen .
Polls have closed in the second round of Tunisia 's presidential election , the first since the Arab Spring uprisings in 2011 .
Volkswagen 's US boss has said he is  optimistic '' the company will find a solution to the diesel emissions scandal .
French cyclist Pierre Demoitie died after being hit by a motorbike during a race on Sunday .
Israel 's prime minister has condemned the launch of a ballistic missile by Iran , which he says violates a UN resolution .
Wolves secured their Championship status for another season with victory at Leeds United , who were eliminated from the play-offs .
At least six people have been killed and several others are missing after a series of explosions at a fireworks factory in central Portugal , officials say .
A Canadian theme park has been charged with animal cruelty after allegedly failing to provide adequate care for a peacock .
Britain 's Cal Crutchlow won his first MotoGP race at the Grand Prix of the Americas in Austin .
Cardiff City head coach Paul Trollope says the club are willing to listen to offers for players .
Two of the three London schoolgirls who are thought to have travelled to Syria have married men , their families have been told .
Olympic champion Elinor Barker says British Cycling needs to be given more recognition after winning a bronze medal at the Track World Championships .
Hal Robson-Kanu , Rio Ferdinand and Simon Cox have all left Reading by mutual consent .
Mainland Chinese shares fell sharply on Thursday , dragged down by brokerages and banks .
Krystian Pearce was sent off as Mansfield came from behind to beat Dagenham and Redbridge in League Two .
The number of children in foster care in Scotland is at a  crisis '' level , according to a charity .
Brazil is the world 's largest tropical forest , but it is also one of the most threatened .
MPs have paid tribute to the creator of Dad 's Army , Robert Perry , during Prime Minister 's Questions .
Lionel Messi scored a late winner as Barcelona came from behind to beat Atletico Madrid in La Liga .
-LRB- Close -RRB- .
Scientists and academics have urged the Scottish government to rethink plans to ban the cultivation of genetically modified crops .
The state TV networks in Sudan and South Sudan are in a state of war over the disputed border region of Heglig .
It 's a dangerous time to be in politics .
A 19-year-old computer scientist is developing software that can diagnose breast cancer .
The Crown Prosecution Service -LRB- CPS -RRB- has been criticised for its communication with victims of crime .
A US judge has lifted a ban on the sale of Samsung 's Galaxy Tab 10.1 tablet computer in the US after a jury found it did not infringe a patent held by Apple .
Plymouth Argyle striker Luke Spencer has been ruled out for the rest of the season with a knee injury .
Jamie Vardy scored twice as Leicester beat Liverpool to go top of the Premier League .
Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdogan has said he is prepared to reinstate the death penalty , if the Turkish people demand it .
A teenager who died from leukaemia has married his girlfriend in a hospital wedding .
Joe Cardle scored twice as Dunfermline Athletic beat 10-man Falkirk in the Scottish Championship .
A ferry has been evacuated after a fire broke out on board .
-LRB- Close -RRB- : Wall Street markets closed higher on Friday , following a strong jobs report .
The family of a baby girl from Bristol who was diagnosed with a rare form of meningitis have been speaking to the BBC about her condition .
Prison officers are to be balloted on industrial action in a row over the privatisation of jails .
Rules requiring schools to promote  fundamental British values '' should be scrapped , a teachers ' union has said .
Labour could split if Jeremy Corbyn wins the party leadership , shadow home secretary Yvette Cooper has warned .
Sir Vince Cable , the former leader of the Liberal Democrats , is a big fan of apprenticeships .
Former England and Preston striker Tom Finney has died at the age of 88 .
Stormont 's political system has been criticised for being too tribal .
Neil Gaiman 's novel The Ocean at the End of the Lane has been named Book of the Year .
When the dust settled on the 2015 general election , the political impressionists were left with a bitter taste in their mouths .
Oscar-winning actress Dame Helen Mirren has joined the cast of Disney 's live action remake of Beauty and the Beast .
South Africa 's Jade Jones is one of the world 's top taekwondo fighters .
James Botham has become the first Welsh teenager to play at the Rugby World Cup .
A US judge has ruled that the government does not need to force Apple to help unlock an iPhone in a criminal case .
Egyptian police have clashed with protesters in a suburb of Cairo after the death of a street vendor .
An appeal for information about the murder of a teenage girl in Blackpool 10 years ago is to be made by the town 's football team .
A pub landlord who stabbed a gay man in the neck with a steak knife has been jailed for four years .
Police are investigating a deadly riot at India 's biggest car maker , Maruti Suzuki , in the northern state of Haryana .
Laura Pergolizzi had a successful career as a singer-songwriter , but she thought she was done with music .
Former England captain John Barnes , who was knocked to the ground in an unprovoked attack , has said he is looking for a new home .
Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi has launched a campaign to boost manufacturing in the country .
A police officer has urged a mother who went missing with her three-year-old son to contact officers .
Jennifer Lawrence has written an essay explaining why she refused to fight for more money in the film industry .
-LRB- Close -RRB- : Wall Street markets closed higher , boosted by gains in banking shares .
A business owner has failed in a bid to stop the publication of his details in the Renewable Heat Incentive -LRB- RHI -RRB- scheme .
What is it like to be a leader of a far-right political party ?
The SSPCA was called out to a report of a snake in a park in Aberdeen , only to find it was made of plastic .
Plans for a new country park on the site of a former coal mine in Gedling have been approved .
A former soldier has been cautioned after allegedly making a payment to an armed forces charity , the Crown Prosecution Service has said .
The search is continuing for survivors of a Venezuelan military helicopter that crashed on Wednesday , officials say .
A man has attempted to break the world record for the world 's largest fried egg .
Manchester United winger Adnan Januzaj has joined Everton on a season-long loan .
The prime minister is to explore whether the UK can offer more practical counter-terrorism support to Indonesia and Malaysia .
-LRB- Close -RRB- : The Nasdaq index fell to its lowest level for more than a year , following a sharp slide in technology stocks .
Tens of thousands of people are marching through the streets of South Africa 's capital , Pretoria , calling for President Jacob Zuma to step down .
England 's batsmen will have to  pull their fingers out '' to save the first Test against Pakistan , says James Anderson .
Cardiff City manager Neil Warnock says Kenneth Zohore is the best player in the Championship .
Manager Keith Curle says Carlisle United need to have a long-term plan in place if he is to stay at Brunton Park .
James Pattinson took five wickets as Australia beat West Indies by an innings and 80 runs in the first Test in Hobart .
Former Manchester United manager Sir Alex Ferguson says Michael Carrick is the best central midfielder in England .
Home Secretary Theresa May has told the Police Federation conference  life should mean life '' for anyone convicted of killing a police officer .
Fearne Cotton has hosted her final show on BBC Radio 1 after 10 years .
Bristol have re-signed Bath full-back Luke Arscott on loan until the end of the season .
Thirty-four new neighbourhood policing teams are to be set up across Northern Ireland , the PSNI has announced .
People who dressing up as clowns could be arrested , police have warned .
A collection of missing Doctor Who episodes has been discovered in Nigeria , the BBC has announced .
Plans for a new bus service in Bristol have been thrown into doubt .
Ancient weapons have been discovered on the Isle of Coll in Argyll .
Wales goalkeeper Danny Ward says he wants to stay at Huddersfield Town .
A man has been arrested in connection with the disappearance of a baby in 2005 .
Police have appealed for information after a number of protected birds were targeted in the Highlands .
A man who found a newborn baby girl at a bus stop has described his  fatherly instinct '' .
Lauryn Hill is one of the world 's most successful backing singers .
Kilmarnock manager Lee Clark has praised captain Steve Smith 's courage after he returned from injury .
-LRB- Close -RRB- : Mining shares helped to lift the FTSE 100 higher .
Glasgow head coach Gregor Townsend rued his side 's failure to take their chances as they lost 16-9 to Edinburgh in the Pro12 play-off final at Scotstoun .
Johnny Sexton has been ruled out of Ireland 's three-Test tour of South Africa through injury .
China 's biggest search engines have joined forces with the government to stop people falling for online banking scams .
Prosecutors in the trial of three al-Jazeera journalists in Egypt have played a series of video clips in court .
More than 100 prisoners who escaped from a jail in the Brazilian city of Manaus on New Year 's Day are still on the run , officials say .
This is the moment a huge snake became stuck on the wing of an airliner .
Malaysian actress Michelle Yeoh has been named best actress at the Hong Kong Film Awards .
A body has been recovered from the River Don in Cumbria .
The Nepalese government has said it is considering banning people with disabilities from climbing Mount Everest .
Patrick Kluivert scored on his return to Ajax as the Dutch champions beat PEC Zwolle in the Eredivisie .
A court in India has said it will deliver its verdict on Friday in the 2002 Mumbai hit-and-run case involving Bollywood star Salman Khan .
Newcastle Falcons have signed England fly-half Toby Flood from Toulouse .
The Scottish Professional Football League has updated its rules on tackling crowd trouble .
-LRB- Close -RRB- : The Dow Jones Industrial Average closed higher on Monday , helped by gains at energy companies .
Former Foreign Secretary Jack Straw is to chair a new committee to examine the role of the clerk of the House of Commons .
The number of weddings held in Gretna last year was slightly down on the previous year .
A terminally ill man has launched a legal challenge at the High Court against the law on assisted dying .
Shrewsbury Town have signed former Walsall midfielder Ben MacGillivray on a one-year deal .
Defending champions Paris St-Germain suffered their first Ligue 1 defeat of the season at Lyon .
At least two people have been rescued from the rubble of buildings in the Nepalese capital , Kathmandu , five days after the earthquake .
An inquiry into the quality of life for older people in residential care in Wales has been launched .
Linfield 's Champions League qualifier against Celtic will take place on Thursday 11 July , BBC Sport has learned .
It 's MPs ' turn to pay tribute to their predecessors in the House of Commons .
A convicted child sex offender has pleaded guilty to travelling to the US to have sex with young boys and bringing child pornography into the country .
A previously unreleased song and video of England 's World Cup winning team has been released to raise money for charity .
A rare shark has been found washed up on a beach in Pembrokeshire .
Cambridge secured their place in the League Two play-offs with a narrow win over Exeter .
Bus drivers in Cardiff have voted to accept a new pay offer .
A TV programme featuring Derren Brown 's  self-asphyxiation '' stunt has been banned .
The US has accused Arab countries of trying to  manipulate '' a review conference on the non-proliferation of nuclear weapons , after it failed to reach a deal .
A British Ukulele Orchestra has lost a legal battle against a rival .
Slovakia , a small country in Central Europe , gained independence from the Czech Republic in 1991 .
Police are investigating whether the bullet that killed a teenager in 1972 came from a military weapon .
A woman has told a court how she felt like she was in a washing machine after her partner was killed in a crash .
Greenock Morton manager Jim Duffy has been given a one-game touchline ban and Hibernian boss Neil Lennon has been charged with three offences by the Scottish Football Association .
A pedestrian who died after being struck by a lorry in Aberdeen has been named by police .
Championship side Norwich City have signed Wigan Athletic midfielder Jordy Wildschut for an undisclosed fee , but have failed in a bid to sign Ajax defender Steven Dijks .
A legal challenge to a council 's bid to buy a derelict former hospital has been dismissed .
A pilot and his wife walked to a pub after their light aircraft crashed in Nottinghamshire .
Gemma Arterton is in talks to star in a West End musical based on the film Made in Dagenham , the BBC understands .
Scottish Labour leader Kezia Dugdale has urged trade unionists to join her party .
Guinea-Bissau 's national football team have ended a strike that threatened to derail their Africa Cup of Nations campaign .
Venezuela 's Vice-President, Nicolas Maduro , has made his first public appearance since President Hugo Chavez underwent cancer surgery in Cuba .
Cuban police have detained dozens of opposition activists who were protesting against the government 's human rights record .
Martin Canning believes new Rangers manager Pedro Caixinha will want to put his own stamp on the team .
Clint Dempsey will miss the start of the MLS season because of a back injury .
Mexican drug lord Joaquin  El Chapo '' Guzman has been sentenced to life in prison in the United States .
Steven Davies hit an unbeaten 109 as Surrey beat Yorkshire to reach the One-Day Cup final at Lord 's .
A psychiatrist who investigated Gulf War Syndrome has been appointed a knight in the Queen 's Birthday Honours list .
Syria 's government has denied using barrel bombs against civilians in the country 's civil war .
The man accused of carrying out a deadly shooting at a Florida airport has appeared in court .
US President Donald Trump 's recent announcement of new sanctions against Iran is a significant development .
The Pope has replaced the entire board of the troubled Vatican bank .
The number of homes being repossessed in the UK has continued to fall , according to new figures .
Scotland 's Kelly Butterfield won Great Britain 's first gold medal at the European Para-athletics Championships in Amsterdam .
A rare signed copy of Adolf Hitler 's Mein Kampf is to be sold at auction .
Retailers have been urged to reduce the amount of unhealthy food they promote .
Two brothers helped their brother travel to Syria to fight for so-called Islamic State , a court has heard .
EU leaders meeting in Brussels have agreed to press ahead with a plan to send migrants back to Turkey .
National League side Solihull Moors have signed Rushall Olympic midfielder Sam Muggleton on a one-month loan deal .
England women 's team would have won the Olympic gold medal if they had been allowed to compete at Rio 2016 , says head coach Mark Sampson .
Previously secret Nato documents have revealed how the UK claimed the remote island of Rockall as its own .
A 24-hour strike by pilots at Lufthansa will go ahead as planned on Tuesday , the airline has said .
A Russian fighter jet has flown close to a US reconnaissance plane in the Black Sea , US defence officials say .
The head of India 's central bank has told the BBC that central banks may not be able to do everything they are asked to do .
The introduction of a midwife-led maternity service at Caithness General Hospital in Inverness has been delayed .
Shrewsbury Town have signed Arsenal midfielder George Jebb on a one-month loan deal .
James McKee scored twice as Ireland beat Poland 4-1 at the World League 2 quarter-finals in Belfast .
He is one of the world 's richest men .
A police officer who lied about his qualifications and made judgements in cases that were outside his remit will face no further action .
Mae Heddlu Llundain wedi dweud eu galw yn oriau mn fore Mercher , yn cael eu trin mewn ysbytai .
Scotland 's agri-food industry is worth # 10bn a year to the Scottish economy .
CCTV footage has been released of a man who robbed a cash machine at a supermarket in Greater Manchester .
The UK needs to do more to support small technology start-ups , according to Neil Woodford , one of the UK 's most successful investors .
A murder investigation has been launched after the body of a man was found in Surrey .
Richard Cockerill has left his position as director of rugby at Leicester Tigers by mutual consent .
David Lloyd scored his first Championship century of the season to help Glamorgan draw with Sussex at Hove .
A plane has crashed into a river in the Taiwanese capital , Taipei , killing at least 16 people .
Four former foreign secretaries have urged David Cameron to press Russia 's president over corruption during his visit to Moscow this weekend .
Police are searching for a pensioner who has gone missing from a hospital in Swansea .
It 's the name of a town , a village or a country lane .
It 's been a busy week in the world of social media .
Bookmaker Ladbrokes has reported a sharp fall in half-year profits as it continues to implement changes to its business .
A man who was found stabbed to death at a house has been named by police .
Inspectors have called for  significant improvement '' in the care provided to older people in the Western Isles .
The BBC is to scrap its controversial chat show-style Today at Wimbledon .
There has been a sharp drop in the number of people prosecuted for driving offences .
Photographs of a railway station which closed 50 years ago have gone on display .
The son of nightclub tycoon David West has been jailed for eight years for killing his father .
In the intensive care unit of a hospital in Bambari , the capital of the Central African Republic -LRB- CAR -RRB- , a woman named Gerizapa lay in a pool of blood .
Christian Eriksen scored a late winner as Tottenham beat Manchester City to return to the top of the Premier League .
Scots support the idea of the Scottish Parliament having full control of income tax and some welfare benefits , according to a new poll .
Greek Prime Minister Alexis Tsipras will try to stay in office despite losing a parliamentary vote on austerity measures , his spokesman has said .
CCTV footage has emerged appearing to show Kenyan soldiers looting during the attack on the Westgate shopping centre .
Bookmakers have suspended betting on Radiohead to sing the theme song for the new James Bond film , Spectre .
The father of a schoolgirl who escaped unhurt in a coach crash in Belgium that killed the driver has spoken of his daughter 's  sleepless nights '' .
A woman is in a critical condition in hospital after being attacked by a dog in Lincoln .
A County Down doctor is encouraging people to climb a mountain every day for a month in a bid to improve their health .
A number of people have been arrested over the killing of Burundi 's army chief of staff , the country 's prosecutor 's office says .
A driver who knocked down a lollipop lady was blinded by the sun , a court has heard .
Scientists at Swansea University have developed software that can identify cancer cells .
Fighting has broken out in the Libyan city of Benghazi between Islamists and forces loyal to a military commander .
A man who admitted starting a fire which destroyed a former seaside resort has been given a suspended jail sentence .
China has criticised Japan 's new security laws , saying they breach the country 's pacifist constitution .
Holders Arsenal were held to a goalless draw by Championship side Hull City in the FA Cup third round .
The appointment of Sue Owens as the head of the National Crime Agency -LRB- NCA -RRB- had been criticised by the police and crime commissioner for months , the BBC has learned .
A hotel in the Scottish Borders is looking to recruit a  fun-loving '' events manager .
If you 're a gamer , you 'll know that virtual reality is a distraction .
League Two clubs Forest Green Rovers and Lincoln City have been handed away ties in the first round of the EFL Cup .
A stretch of the M1 in County Armagh has reopened following a two-vehicle crash on Friday night .
Andre Ward will make the first defence of his world titles against Sergey Kovalev in Las Vegas on Saturday .
Lewis Hamilton says he is  not worried '' about his title challenge after finishing third in the Bahrain Grand Prix .
A motorcyclist has died in a collision with a tractor in Lincolnshire .
Children who experience adversity in their early years are more likely to develop health problems later in life , research suggests .
Argentine President Cristina Fernandez de Kirchner has called for an investigation into the murder of a transgender woman .
A man has denied owning a dog that killed a man .
A four-year-old boy has been returned to his father in Japan after a High Court judge ruled his mother had taken him to the UK without permission .
MPs have accused Rupert Murdoch of  wilful blindness '' over phone hacking .
BodyPositive is here to help - and we want you to be a part of it .
A British man has been charged with terrorism offences after leaving the UK to fight in Syria .
Media in China have warned of a  devastating '' confrontation with the US .
A sculpture by Henry Moore is to return to London after a 20-year absence .
Andy Murray will lead Great Britain into a decisive day of the Davis Cup final against Belgium on Sunday .
Chelsea , Manchester City and Arsenal will discover their Champions League last-32 opponents when the draw takes place on Thursday .
Leicester City fans have been accused of homophobic chanting during a Premier League match against Brighton .
Watford striker Odion Ighalo scored his fourth Premier League goal of the season as Newcastle slipped to the bottom of the table .
South Wales Police is the largest police force area by population - some 1.2m people live within it .
-LRB- Close -RRB- : US markets were mixed on Wednesday , as investors digested the European Central Bank 's latest stimulus plan .
Spanish football club Barcelona has agreed to pay a 5.5m -LRB- # 4m -RRB- fine over the signing of Brazilian footballer Neymar in 2013 .
A six-month-old baby boy has died after being bitten by his family 's dog in Sunderland .
Ospreys head coach Steve Tandy says there are  question marks '' over the officiating of his side 's Pro12 defeat by Munster .
A lion that escaped from a game reserve in South Africa and went on a sheep-killing spree is to be returned to the wild .
Britain 's Katie Archibald won her second gold medal at the Track Cycling World Championships in Hong Kong .
Worcestershire 's opening County Championship game of the season against Kent has been abandoned without a ball bowled because of a waterlogged pitch .
Call centres in England and Wales have been revealed to have received a record number of  slightly amusing '' queries .
A man is in a critical condition in hospital after being stabbed in the street in Salford , Greater Manchester .
Opposition lawmakers in South Korea have broken the world record for the longest parliamentary filibuster by speaking for 72 hours .
The Wales Bill has been passed in the Senedd despite opposition from Plaid Cymru .
Former Crystal Palace and Republic of Ireland striker Sean Morrison has signed for Exeter City .
US President Donald Trump took to Twitter on Friday morning to predict that the shooting on the Champs-Elysees in Paris would have a  big effect '' on the French election .
Four Scots have been named in the Great Britain athletics team for the Rio Olympics .
New Zealand 's Lydia Ko became the youngest player to win a major with victory at the ANA Inspiration in California .
Daniel Craig is the best actor to play James Bond , says Sir Roger Moore .
David Weatherson scored twice as Partick Thistle beat Queen 's Park to reach the Scottish Cup quarter-finals .
When Ghanaian music duo The Busy Twist decided to make a music video , they set out to capture the essence of the country .
Former McLaren test driver Alexander Wurz says he has been approached to run the Manor Marussia team .
Broadband providers need to be more transparent about their charges , a charity has said .
Britain 's Tom Daley won silver in the men 's synchronised 10m platform at the Diving World Series in Shanghai .
Eight people have been charged in connection with a suspected human trafficking ring .
Ballymena United have signed former Coleraine striker Darren Boyce on a 30-month deal .
The makers of one of the world 's oldest Scotch whiskys are to donate # 500,000 to help preserve the history of Islay .
JP Morgan is considering moving hundreds of jobs out of the UK as a result of Brexit , the BBC understands .
Birmingham City have signed Dundee striker James Stewart on a three-year deal for an undisclosed fee .
The number of patents filed in the UK and the US for technologies that use sensors to monitor the electrical activity of the brain has tripled in the past five years , a report says .
The BBC Scotland election debate will be broadcast live on BBC One Scotland from 19:00 BST on Thursday .
The jetty at the Royal Navy 's Portsmouth Naval Base has been officially opened .
A second migrant has been killed trying to cross the Channel from France to the UK .
A 19-year-old man has been arrested in connection with disorder at the Celtic v Rangers match in September .
A baby has been born using DNA from two women and one man , say doctors in Ukraine .
American football is one of the world 's most popular sports and this year 's Super Bowl was no exception .
It is one of the most unlikely stories in football .
The Welsh Rugby Union -LRB- WRU -RRB- has signed a new five-year sponsorship deal with Under Armour .
Adebayo Akinfenwa has been sent off in his first game for Wycombe Wanderers .
Worcestershire 's batsmen dominated day two against Glamorgan at the SSE Swalec Stadium .
Microsoft co-founder Paul Allen has announced plans to launch unmanned rockets into space .
Newspapers across Europe are warning of the dangers posed by the rise of populism , following the UK 's vote to leave the EU .
UKIP , the Conservatives and the Liberal Democrats spent more on the European election campaign than any other party , figures show .
On the front page of Thursday 's Times , the newspaper 's editor Martin McGuinness is quoted as saying the Renewable Heat Incentive -LRB- RHI -RRB- is  a scandal of the highest order '' .
A man has been charged after an 80-year-old woman was run over by her own car .
A woman is in a critical condition in hospital after being struck by a van in Edinburgh .
A woman has appeared in court accused of hiding the body of a newborn baby .
The families of two motorcyclists killed in a crash in Aberdeenshire have paid tribute to them .
A 21-year-old man has escaped from custody by jumping from a hospital window .
A man has been arrested on suspicion of causing death by dangerous driving after a pedestrian was hit by a car in West Yorkshire .
Unemployment in Scotland has risen slightly , according to official figures .
A breast surgeon accused of carrying out unnecessary operations has told a court he did not deliberately scare patients .
League One side Doncaster Rovers have signed Birmingham City striker David Vaughan for an undisclosed fee .
Sam Allardyce wants England to make a positive start to their World Cup qualifying campaign against Slovakia in Trnava .
League One side Charlton Athletic have signed Wigan Athletic defender Luke Pearce for an undisclosed fee .
A 16-year-old boy has been stabbed to death in west London .
US toy-maker Hasbro is in talks to buy rival Mattel , according to reports .
An academy school in Weston-super-Mare is to close .
Hearts have signed defender Madjid Rherras and striker Conor Sammon .
Belfast City Council has said it wants the BBC to anchor a major development in the city centre .
A 23-year-old man has been charged with the murder of a man who died in a suspected hit-and-run crash .
A Cambodian activist who has spent more than two decades fighting against the destruction of his country 's forests has won the 2016 Goldman Environmental Prize .
Google 's Android operating system has released its biggest ever security update .
Authorities in India have appealed against the acquittal of two men accused of killing a British teenager in 2008 .
Edinburgh City have signed Australia international midfielder Chris Herd and German striker Frank Nouble on two-year deals .
Fleetwood scored three goals in extra time against National League side Southport to reach the FA Cup second round .
A campaign has been launched to save the childhood home of pioneering photographer Elizabeth Bell .
Jeremy Fernandez is a young news presenter in Sydney , Australia .
The founder of one of the world 's most successful football clubs , AC Milan , is to be honoured in his home city .
Former Wales footballer Dean Saunders has been offered a free parking space if his team win Euro 2016 .
The Republican candidates for US president traded blows in a fiery debate in Colorado .
Wigan Warriors have re-signed full-back Sam Tomkins from Saracens on a three-year deal .
When Halle Berry won the best actress Oscar for her role in Monster , she made history .
Two large industrial estates in Southampton have been bought by the port company .
Hundreds of Royal Marines have marched through Yeovilton to mark the base 's 50th anniversary .
Dame Judi Dench has pledged her support to Surrey Wildlife Trust .
Kris Commons says he has no plans to extend his loan at Hibernian after making his debut for the club on Saturday .
The death of a five-year-old boy in the Scottish Borders leads the front pages of most of the national newspapers .
When McLaren 's chairman Ron Dennis was asked about the team 's prospects at this weekend 's Hungarian Grand Prix , he did not mince his words .
A fire on the M8 motorway in the Highlands has been put out .
A furniture shop owner has been jailed for four years for running a cannabis factory .
Plans are being drawn up for a new school in Dalkeith .
Shakin ' Stevens has been voted the greatest Welsh musician of all time by BBC Radio Wales listeners .
England batsman Alex Hales has donated money to a charity after a fan complained about slow over rates during the first Test against South Africa at Lord 's .
Two men have been convicted of encouraging support for so-called Islamic State .
Sone Aluko 's late equaliser rescued a point for Hull City against Nottingham Forest .
A man suspected of bombing the bus of the German football team Borussia Dortmund was motivated by financial greed , investigators say .
A free bus service is being launched to transport people to a leisure centre in Warrington .
Voters in Moldova go to the polls on Sunday to elect a new president .
Weightlifter Tigran Vardanian has been banned for four years after failing a drugs test from the 2012 London Olympics .
China 's economic growth slowed to a five-year low of 6.9 % in 2015 , official figures show .
Too many young people  drift '' into further studies or their first job , says a House of Lords report .
A new critical care air ambulance service is to be launched in north Wales .
Lancashire all-rounder Tom Smith has announced his retirement at the age of 28 because of injury .
Kent have announced a return to profit for the financial year to the end of March 2015 .
Twenty-five sperm whales have died on a beach in the Belgian town of Verviers .
Scotland lock Leone Nakawara is one of four players to leave Glasgow Warriors at the end of the season .
Teenager Ben Woodburn became Liverpool 's youngest player to score for the club as they beat Championship side Leeds United in the EFL Cup quarter-finals .
A  hub '' museum celebrating Nottinghamshire 's role in the Civil War has been given a # 1m grant from the Heritage Lottery Fund .
A law banning the wearing of full-face Islamic veils in public places in Belgium has come into force .
It is one of the world 's most prestigious newspapers , and now it is owned by one of Japan 's richest men .
Plans to pedestrianise one of Oxford 's busiest streets have been criticised by the city 's bus company .
Great Britain 's men 's 4x200m freestyle relay team beat the United States to win gold at the World Championships in Russia .
Theresa May has condemned North Korea 's latest missile test as  outrageous '' and  provocative '' .
The UK has some of the worst health records in Europe , according to a new report .
Ministers must do more to protect whistleblowers in the public sector , a group of MPs has said .
Jockey Michelle Payne , the first woman to win the Melbourne Cup , has failed a drugs test .
Derek McInnes admitted Aberdeen 's Scottish Cup final defeat by Celtic was a  tough pill to swallow '' .
The National Farmers ' Union -LRB- NFU -RRB- has said its members should vote to stay in the European Union .
A court in Iraq has sentenced 15 men to death for their part in the massacre of up to 1,700 soldiers by Islamic State militants in Tikrit in 2014 .
The Royal Mail has confirmed it is to paint a postbox gold in Henley-on-Thames , Oxfordshire .
If you are a fan of good food , India is the place to be .
There 's been a lot of news about Greece in the last few weeks .
Plymouth Argyle 's Liam Kelly has been charged with violent conduct by the Football Association .
A new garden for children in hospital is to be officially opened in Cardiff .
The nominees for this year 's Grammy Awards have been announced .
Newport RFC shareholders have been asked to vote on a proposed takeover by the Welsh Rugby Union .
People living on the Sheerwater estate in Surrey are calling for a rethink of plans to regenerate the area .
All-Ireland hopefuls Cavan , Monaghan and Fermanagh will be boosted by the return of key players in Saturday 's qualifiers .
British Rowing is investigating bullying claims made by a former Olympian .
The Independent newspaper 's website has been hit by ransomware , according to security experts .
A few days ago , Burmese opposition leader Aung San Suu Kyi spoke to a group of journalists about the state of her country .
Slavery and human trafficking is a serious and organised crime which needs to be tackled .
The SNP received a record share of the first preference vote in last week 's local elections , according to official figures .
Swansea City have held talks with former Argentina boss Marcelo Bielsa about becoming the club 's new manager , reports BBC Radio Wales .
A controlled explosion has been carried out after chemicals were found at Swansea University .
A man has been found guilty of raping and murdering a teenage girl on her bed 35 years ago .
Saudi Arabia 's Crown Prince Mohammed bin Salman has defended his country 's plan to form a military alliance to fight terrorism , amid confusion over its timing .
The Co-operative Bank says it has reached an agreement with investors to recapitalise the business .
Some staff have been made redundant as a result of the closure of a Pembrokeshire radio station , BBC Wales understands .
The room where the Duke of Wellington died at Walmer Castle has been recreated for an exhibition .
Reigning champions the Democratic Republic of Congo and South Africa were knocked out of the 2018 Africa Cup of Nations on Saturday .
The government 's counter-terrorism strategy has become a  toxic brand '' , a former senior police officer has said .
Music streaming service Spotify has announced a series of changes to its app that it says will appeal to more people .
A fire at a former pub in Neath Port Talbot is being treated as suspicious .
Ulster University -LRB- UU -RRB- has warned that the vote to leave the European Union could lead to a fall in the number of EU students in Northern Ireland .
An extra victim has been identified by police after a head teacher admitted secretly filming pupils .
Fulham have sold Andreas Christensen to Danish side FC Copenhagen for an undisclosed fee .
Lewis Hamilton says he faces an  urgency '' at this weekend 's Russian Grand Prix to stop team-mate Nico Rosberg winning the title .
Former Hartlepool United and Carlisle United midfielder Michael Sweeney says the North East was a key factor in his decision to join Gateshead .
The new voice of Bob the Builder has been revealed .
A man accused of murdering his landlord has told a court he killed him because he was  angry '' about his break-up .
China 's Ding Junhui reached the semi-finals of the World Grand Prix in Preston with a 4-0 win over Thailand 's Thepchaiya Un-Nooh .
Geraint Thomas is one of several Team Sky riders to have backed team principal Sir Dave Brailsford .
A 19-year-old man from Norwich has been arrested in connection with the TalkTalk hacking attack , police have said .
US Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton has hit back at her rival Bernie Sanders for saying she is not liberal enough .
Britain 's Andy Murray eased past Canada 's Milos Raonic to reach the quarter-finals of the Madrid Open .
An Indian-born submarine commander who earned the Victoria Cross during World War Two is to be honoured with a plaque at his former home in the Highlands .
Plans for posthumous pardons for gay and bisexual men convicted of now-abolished sexual offences are to be considered by the assembly .
A man has been arrested on suspicion of causing death by dangerous driving after two people died in a crash on the M4 in Berkshire .
An Australian woman has pleaded guilty to trying to smuggle her two children into Syria with her dead husband .
Derbyshire duo Billy Godleman and Shiv Thakor have signed new contracts with the club .
Royal Bank of Scotland -LRB- RBS -RRB- has said it will set aside a further # 3bn to settle claims relating to the mis-selling of payment protection insurance .
A teenager has been arrested after a brick was thrown at a police car in west Belfast .
A man has died in a car crash on the A90 in Aberdeenshire .
Austria says it will limit the number of asylum seekers it takes in and introduce daily quotas to cope with the influx .
Haiti 's parliament has voted to remove President Jovenel Privert from office .
Up to 100 new train drivers are to be recruited by ScotRail .
An Australian man who arranged his 13-year-old daughter 's marriage has been jailed for seven and a half years .
Protesters have clashed with police during a demonstration over the death of a man .
A former partner at a Belfast law firm has been questioned by the National Crime Agency -LRB- NCA -RRB- over the sale of Nama 's Northern Ireland property loans .
Michael Dunlop set the fastest time in both Superbike practice sessions at the Ulster Grand Prix on Friday .
Kendrick Lamar has surprised fans by releasing Untitled Unmastered , a collection of previously unreleased tracks .
A Welsh adventurer has ended his bid to climb Mount Everest .
The owner of a North Sea fishing boat has been fined 20,000 after a crewman died following an incident involving an engine pump .
Telecoms regulator Ofcom says it is considering splitting off BT 's Openreach division .
Russian and Ukrainian state TV channels have been showing contrasting reports on the crisis in eastern Ukraine .
Lady Gaga has announced she will play a record-breaking eight shows at Wembley Stadium next year .
The list is long , but it is a long one .
A rare bird of prey has been attacked on the Isle of Wight .
Raith Rovers have signed Livingston midfielder Scott Martin on a two-year deal .
-LRB- Close -RRB- : Shares in RBS and Lloyds Banking Group rose after Scotland voted against independence .
University students in England should be guaranteed a place on courses they take , says Universities Minister Jo Johnson .
The administrators of Bradford Bulls have delayed a decision on the proposed takeover of the club by an Australian consortium .
A bus driver has been suspended after footage of a road rage incident was posted online .
As Europe grapples with how to deal with the influx of migrants and refugees , some Afghans are struggling to come to terms with the loss of loved ones at sea .
Wayne Rooney 's new five-and-a-half year contract with Manchester United has been described as the most lucrative in the club 's history .
The boss of British Airways and Iberia , Willie Walsh , has said Northern Ireland could be an attractive route for his airlines .
The owner of a meat company has told the Old Bailey he did not know horsemeat was being passed off as beef .
Watch the final episode of Women of Africa , Power Women , on BBC One in Africa on Sunday 22 November at 21:00 GMT .
The chairman of Fifa 's audit and compliance committee has denied he applied to lead a reform taskforce .
The Chief Constable of South Yorkshire Police , David Crompton , has been suspended following the Hillsborough inquests .
An earthquake has struck north-eastern Italy , near the town of Garfagnana .
A 50-year-old man has died in hospital after suffering a  medical emergency '' with police .
The Royal Yacht Britannia has been rated the best tourist attraction in Scotland for 10 consecutive years .
Two men have been charged with causing the death of a teenager in a car crash .
A British man killed in a suicide attack in Iraq was a former Guantanamo Bay detainee , the BBC has learned .
A convicted drug dealer has won a Supreme Court battle to stay in the UK .
Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu has ordered a review of Israel 's ties with the United Nations .
Edinburgh is the UK 's most congested city , according to new research .
A police team has been deployed to Northern Ireland to deal with the arrival of Syrian refugees .
Two people have been arrested on suspicion of murder after a man was found dead in woodland .
Spending on private ambulances in London has more than doubled in the past three years , new figures show .
More than 1,000 drivers a day have been caught speeding on a stretch of the M4 in south Wales .
Twelve arts projects are to be announced later as part of the UK-India Year of Culture 2017 .
Huddersfield Giants prop Sione Ta 'ai has signed a new two-year contract with the Super League side .
A candlelit vigil has been held in Edinburgh to remember those killed in Nepal .
The Pakistani military has appointed a new head of the country 's secretive Inter-Services Intelligence -LRB- ISI -RRB- .
Republic of Ireland assistant manager Roy Keane says he is happy to stay on as Martin O 'Neill 's assistant .
Aberdeen-based subsea engineering firm Proserv has won two major contracts in the North Sea .
A man whose body was found in Hyde Park has been named by police .
Sean Raggett scored the winner as National League play-off hopefuls Dover came from behind to beat Welling .
Leyton Orient assistant manager Kevin Edwards has been appointed first-team coach .
An Italian man has been arrested for allegedly pretending to be a pilot and flying without a ticket .
A man has been arrested after a car was set on fire in East Lothian .
Leyton Orient manager Russell Slade says new owner Francesco Becchetti has made changes to the club 's structure .
Human rights activist Nabeel Rajab has been released from prison in Bahrain .
Pembrokeshire County Council has approved  significant '' cuts to services in a bid to save # 1m .
A ceremony has been held to mark 50 years since England won the World Cup .
The UK is enjoying a tourism boom , thanks to the weaker pound .
A social worker who failed to make regular visits to violent offenders has been struck off .
Australian Prime Minister Tony Abbott is facing calls from within his own party to do more to help refugees .
Scottish Secretary David Mundell has been reappointed as secretary of state for Scotland .
British tennis player Johanna Konta has been making waves at Wimbledon .
Engineers are using radar to assess the condition of Britain 's tallest stone obelisk .
GlaxoSmithKline has agreed to buy Bristol-Myers Squibb 's HIV drugs business for $ 1.8bn -LRB- # 1.2 bn -RRB- .
South Korea says it has paid North Korean workers at a jointly run factory complex in the North Korean city of Kaesong , but that most of the money was kept in Pyongyang .
Efe Ambrose scored twice as Colchester came from behind to beat Bradford City .
A major study to see if a drug can prevent type-1 diabetes in children is being launched in Scotland .
Seven people have been charged following a protest at Heathrow Airport .
The first two stars of the new series of Geordie Shore have revealed they 're bisexual .
A cyclist who sexually assaulted a woman in Bournemouth is being sought by police .
Tata Steel has agreed a deal to sell its loss-making Scunthorpe operations , the BBC understands .
An 80-year-old Galapagos tortoise has died at a zoo in California .
Police have said a gun was used in an attack on a police car in west Belfast .
Scientists say there is a huge underground water resource across Africa .
The Women 's FA Cup final at Wembley has sold out for the second year running .
Four people have appeared in court over the death of a man who was attacked at a former mill .
The Liberal Democrats have suffered another by-election defeat , this time in Corby in Northamptonshire .
A terminally-ill five-year-old boy who inspired Sunderland fans to raise # 1m to send him to treatment in the US is to lose his fight , his mother has said .
The world premiere of the new Minions movie has taken place in Los Angeles .
Walsall have signed defender Liam Leahy from Scottish Premiership side Falkirk on a two-year deal .
Bangladesh beat England in a Test for the first time in their history on the final day of the second Test in Dhaka .
Liberal Democrat leader Nick Clegg has announced plans to support carers in Wales .
A mother killed her two young sons before taking her own life , an inquest has heard .
Rochdale survived a late Scunthorpe fightback to claim a 3-2 win at Spotland .
Councillors in Glasgow have approved plans to build up to 500 new homes in the Govanhill area .
Britain 's Tyson Fury will defend his world titles against Wladimir Klitschko in Manchester on 29 October .
A pilot has died after his light aircraft crashed in a field in Stoke-on-Trent .
The US has urged North Korea to refrain from  irresponsible provocations '' after Pyongyang said it had restarted a nuclear reactor .
Hundreds of mourners have attended the funeral of Robert and Elaine Graham , one of two Scots killed in the Tunisia beach attack .
North Korea is believed to have been behind the ransomware attack that hit the NHS in the UK in May , the BBC has learned .
A new surf lagoon has been forced to close for the winter due to a  serious failure '' .
China 's Shenzhou-9 spacecraft has returned to Earth , completing the country 's first-ever space mission .
Six teenagers have been jailed for a spate of armed robberies .
About 40 people have lost their jobs at a food company in Londonderry .
Hackers are believed to have accessed the personal data of millions of US intelligence and military personnel , officials say .
Thousands of people are to take part in a procession across the Forth Road Bridge to mark its 50th anniversary .
An out-of-hours party at a football club has been blamed for making residents awake at night .
Mae chwech o griwiau tn o'r Rhyl , Prestatyn , Bae Colwyn ac Abergele yn bresennol .
The creator of TV show Thunderbirds , Gerry Anderson , has revealed he has been diagnosed with Alzheimer 's disease .
People should take vitamin D supplements if they have low levels in the blood , experts say .
Air strikes on rebel-held areas of the Syrian city of Aleppo have left the city  paralysed '' , a rebel leader has said .
Newport Gwent Dragons back-row Matthew Pewtner has been forced to retire from rugby with immediate effect .
German police have arrested a member of the country 's foreign intelligence service on suspicion of spying for the US .
John McGuinness is one of the world 's fastest motorcyclists .
Gianfranco Zola 's first game in charge of Birmingham City ended in a draw at 10-man Barnsley .
The High Court ruling that Parliament must vote on the Brexit process is an  attempt to frustrate the will of the British people '' , a cabinet minister has said .
UKIP leadership candidate Raheem Kassam has launched his campaign to become the party 's next leader .
Queen 's University in Belfast is to cut almost 1,000 student places over the next three years .
League One side Bury have appointed Kilmarnock manager Lee Clark as their new boss .
As a child growing up in the 1960s , vegetable oil was still a precious commodity and used sparingly - chucking it in anything from salad dressings to deep fat frying .
Worcester Warriors ' director of rugby Carl Hogg says the club need to  get up to speed '' with their new playing surface .
A man who kissed and cuddled a 12-year-old girl has been jailed .
A child sex offender who was due to be released from prison has been deported from the UK .
Linfield came from behind to beat Glenavon 4-3 in the Irish Premiership game at Mourneview Park .
Karrueche Tran says she 's had enough of the  drama '' in her relationship with Chris Brown .
Heavy rain has caused flooding in parts of Warwickshire .
Eritrea 's government has rejected a UN report which accused it of human rights abuses .
Four men have been jailed for attacking a lecturer in his home while his wife and daughter were upstairs .
A 10-year-old girl has been injured after a vapouriser used in the Harry Potter films exploded on a train at a theme park in Florida .
The US military 's top commander in Europe , Gen Philip Breedlove , has warned that Russia 's military build-up in Ukraine is a  threat to peace '' .
One of the greatest hockey players in history , Gordie Howe , has died at the age of 88 .
England produced one of the greatest victories in their history against world champions New Zealand .
Real Madrid kept up the pressure on La Liga leaders Barcelona with a comfortable win over 10-man Real Sociedad .
Leicester 's winless start to the Premier League season continued with a defeat at Bournemouth .
A police visit to a mental health ward could have contributed to the death of a man who took his own life , an inquest has heard .
The first leg of Lyon 's Champions League last-16 tie with Besiktas was abandoned because of crowd trouble .
A car has crashed into a pub in Wiltshire .
A 43-year-old woman is in a serious condition in hospital after being stabbed at a house in Gwynedd .
If you like politics , this is a good time to be a fan of either UKIP or the Greens .
Bristol City secured their first Championship win under new boss Lee Johnson as they beat Ipswich Town .
In the middle of the driest desert in the world , a small community is using fog catchers to capture the tiny water droplets which form in the clouds .
Google Home will be available in the UK from 6 April , the company has announced .
Mae 'r Democratiaid Rhyddfrydol wedi cyhoeddi llun o hysbyseb yn erbyn Brexit , gan gwys Plaid Cymru .
A campaign to raise # 1m to fund legal action against former prime minister Tony Blair and others over the Iraq War has reached its target .
Our Duke won the Irish Grand National at Fairyhouse for trainer Jessica Harrington .
MPs have voted in favour of the bill that will give the prime minister the power to start the process of leaving the EU .
A new species of thrush has been discovered in the Himalayan forests of Arunachal Pradesh , India .
A group of Aston Villa and Leicester City football fans have been arrested after a fight broke out ahead of the Championship match .
US President Donald Trump has nominated Neil Gorsuch , a federal appeals court judge in Denver , to the Supreme Court .
A police watchdog has been asked to investigate after a woman was found dead hours after officers were called to her home .
A 34-year-old man has been arrested in connection with the murder of a man in west Belfast on Thursday .
Giannelli Imbula 's time at Stoke City has been a  frustration '' , says manager Mark Hughes .
Former world champion Stephen Hendry was knocked out in the first round of the Northern Ireland Open , losing 4-0 to England 's Robert Lines .
A man has been shot in the leg in a gun attack at a house in west Belfast .
The jury in the trial of a man accused of rape in Edinburgh has been discharged .
A multi-million pound research centre has been set up to tackle the growing problem of hospital wounds .
Russell Knox and Paul Casey remain in contention after the second round of the Travelers Championship in Connecticut .
Leonid Slutsky has resigned as Russia coach after his side were knocked out of Euro 2016 in the group stage .
Chancellor George Osborne has dropped his target of a budget surplus by 2020 .
A large whale has been spotted in Belfast Harbour .
Glasgow City Council has said it will  take into account '' any issues of public disorder and anti-social behaviour during an Orange Order parade .
Hundreds of rugby league fans have attended the funeral of Rhys Jones .
A man has been jailed for life for murdering an 80-year-old woman at her home in Norwich .
Ravel Morrison has completed his move from Manchester United to West Ham United for an undisclosed fee .
French authorities have begun clearing a camp used by migrants and refugees in the port city of Calais .
A Romanian hacker has been sentenced to five years in prison for hacking into the email accounts of high-profile US politicians .
Spaniards who were deported to Nazi concentration camps during World War II have been given a fresh chance to tell their stories .
Ed Sheeran has taken to the wheel of a Top Gear car for the first time .
A French rock star who murdered his lover in 2003 has returned to the stage .
The Scottish Football Association says it is in talks with Scotland 's women 's players over terms and conditions .
Newport County manager Graham Westley says he is still looking to strengthen his squad in the January transfer window .
The Cuban government has criticised a state-owned company for naming two new colognes after Che Guevara and Hugo Chavez .
Andre Gray 's first-half penalty was enough to give Championship leaders Burnley victory over local rivals Blackburn .
The idea of scrapping free lunches for infant pupils in England 's primary schools is a controversial one .
Limiting the number of EU migrants allowed into the UK could cut migration by up to one fifth , a think tank has suggested .
The Confederation of African Football -LRB- Caf -RRB- says it has resolved its dispute with Tunisia and Morocco .
Defending champion Phil Mickelson carded a two-under-par 70 to trail clubhouse leader Thorbjorn Olesen by three shots at the Open Championship at Royal Troon .
Championship side Leeds United have signed Sweden international striker Pontus Antonsson from Norwegian club Kalmar for an undisclosed fee .
Northamptonshire 's Will Buck took 6-66 as Durham 's batsmen struggled on day one at Chester-le-Street .
Police officers are to be issued with Tasers at Scotland 's railway stations .
Azhar Ali hit 63 as Pakistan were bowled out for 287 on a rain-affected first day of the second Test against Australia in Melbourne .
The US economy grew at a slower pace than expected in the final three months of last year , according to official figures .
The number of women who have been diagnosed with asbestos-related cancer is on the rise , a charity has said .
Former world number one Colin Montgomerie is out of the Open after a disastrous second round at Royal Birkdale .
Scientists have developed pressure-sensitive materials that could be used to build robots .
Malaysia 's state investment fund , 1MDB , has been at the centre of a financial scandal .
A report into the death of an inmate who was found unconscious in his cell has criticised prison staff for leaving him unattended .
The German city of Hamburg has passed a law requiring owners of empty commercial properties to provide accommodation for asylum seekers .
Author Harper Lee has been cleared of any wrongdoing after an investigation into her decision to publish a new book .
The Daily and Sunday Politics are on-air seven days a week for much of the year .
The NHS 111 phone line in Oxfordshire is a risk to patient safety , health bosses have warned .
Former Texas Governor Rick Perry has been left out of the main debate for US Republican presidential candidates .
A woman accused of encouraging her boyfriend to kill himself sent him text messages urging him to take his own life , a court has heard .
A 20-year-old man has been stabbed in the arms in a park in Oxford .
An Orange hall in County Antrim has been vandalised .
The Oculus Rift has been launched in the UK .
Chainsaw carvers from around the world are descending on a Scottish village for the World Chainsaw Carving Championships .
The last woolly mammoths lived on a small island in the Arctic Ocean .
CIA Director John Brennan 's private email account has been hacked , according to US media .
A mother in the US state of Utah has been arrested after her five-year-old daughter was found locked in the boot of a car .
British actress Keira Knightley has married Klaxons singer James Righton in a small ceremony in southern France .
Great Britain 's Greg Rutherford is through to the long jump final at the World Championships in Beijing .
The final series of US drama Breaking Bad is to be shown in the UK for the first time .
An MP is to introduce a law to stop rape complainants being cross-examined in court .
Thousands of Christmas cards have been sent to a terminally ill five-year-old boy .
A man who stabbed a healthcare assistant to death at a mental health unit has been detained indefinitely under the Mental Health Act .
Trainer Marcus Ackerman 's 18-month ban from racing has been upheld after he failed in an appeal .
Plans to cut train services between Edinburgh and north east Scotland have been shelved .
Tributes have been paid to Joel Richards , who was killed in the Tunisian beach attack .
Defending champion Ding Junhui was knocked out in the first round of the UK Championship by qualifier Mark Duffy .
Nearly 4,000 NHS staff in the UK are paid more than 150,000 a year , according to analysis by the Daily Mail and the Daily Telegraph .
It 's been a bad week for Scottish rugby .
University staff are staging a 24-hour strike in a dispute over pay .
Paul Rowley has resigned as head coach of Championship side Leigh Centurions .
A motorcyclist has died in a crash on the A90 in Aberdeenshire , police have said .
Divorce lawyers are warning that a new form asking people to name the person they adultery with could put them in a  bad light '' .
A Sinn Fin MLA has agreed to issue a public apology and pay damages to a former Ulster Defence Regiment soldier over a tweet about him .
Labour 's general election defeat was as bad as under Michael Foot 's leadership when the party was in  dire straits '' , former shadow home secretary David Howells has said .
Andy Murray 's father-in-law and coach Nigel Sears has been suspended by the International Tennis Federation .
The family of a police officer who died after being hit by a car in Swansea have paid tribute to her .
Tottenham manager Mauricio Pochettino says defender Jan Vertonghen will miss Saturday 's Premier League trip to Southampton .
The world 's most populous Muslim nation , Indonesia is home to more than 250 million people .
The Belfast Giants moved level on points with Elite League leaders Cardiff Devils after beating Braehead Clan 5-1 on Monday night .
A woman has been charged with attempted murder after a woman was stabbed in the neck .
Former Birmingham City boss Steve Bruce should be the next Aston Villa manager , says former Blues midfielder Robbie Savage .
Dutch Justice Minister Ivo Opstelten and Justice Minister Ard Teeven have resigned after a row over a payment to a convicted drug trafficker .
The Home Office has apologised for a  regrettable typographical error '' in a press release announcing a new requirement for migrants to learn English .
Dame Barbara Windsor has died after a short illness .
What do you do if you 're sick with the flu ?
The Independent Police Complaints Commission -LRB- IPCC -RRB- is to investigate how police responded to concerns about Sian Blake and her two young sons .
Hearts have signed former Manchester United left-back Richard Eckersley on a one-year deal .
A charity has called for more funding to help deaf people in Wales find work .
A World War Two bomblet has been found on a beach in Fife .
The so-called Islamic State -LRB- IS -RRB- is using the Telegram messaging app to spread its propaganda .
Cinderella , Snow White and the Three Little Pigs are some of the most well-known fairytales , but in recent years they have been the target of a number of live-action remakes .
US President Barack Obama is going to Cuba this week .
A 25-year-old man has been charged with attempted murder after a three-month-old baby was hit by a car .
A woman has been found guilty of sexually abusing five children .
A man who murdered schoolgirl Paige Doherty has had his life sentence reduced by the Court of Appeal in Edinburgh .
Aaron Ramsey scored on his return from injury as Arsenal beat Norwich to secure fourth place in the Premier League .
It 's one of the world 's biggest social networks , and it 's also one of its biggest trolls .
The Welsh Government has said it is  extremely concerned '' about plans to cut 27 jobs at BBC Studios in Cardiff .
It 's the memory that sticks with you .
The Met Office has issued a yellow be aware '' warning for wind in Scotland .
Eight sperm whales have died after stranding themselves on the Aberdeenshire coast .
Mae cynllunio amlinellol wedi ei gymeradwyo i ddatblygu ardal i'r gogledd a'r de o Ffordd Ystumllwynarth .
A person has died following a fire at a sheltered housing complex in Fife .
Nigeria 's former national security adviser , Sam Dasuki , has been arrested in connection with a $ 5bn -LRB- # 3bn -RRB- arms deal .
The world 's biggest coffee chain , Starbucks , has reported a rise in annual profits .
Ross County manager Jim McIntyre has been nominated for the Scottish Professional Football League manager of the year award .
Brian Matthew , who has died at the age of 88 , was one of Britain 's best-loved radio and television presenters .
Foreign Secretary Philip Hammond has welcomed indications that Israeli forces may begin to withdraw from Gaza within the next few days .
England batsman James Vince says he is looking forward to playing in the World Twenty20 in India .
Souleymane Toure and his friends are enjoying life again in Timbuktu .
China 's state schools are failing to prepare its children for the 21st Century , says a leading British education expert .
Cecil the lion 's head is being held by police in Zimbabwe as evidence in the case of two men accused of illegally killing the animal , a conservationist has told the BBC .
The UN Security Council has voted to send police to Burundi to help the country 's police deal with the escalating violence .
The chief executives of Alliance Trust are to step down as part of a major shake-up of the company .
Foreign Secretary Boris Johnson has been criticised by Russia for cancelling a visit to Moscow .
Braintree Town manager Danny Cowley says his side 's 2-0 defeat at Barrow was a  tough pill to swallow '' .
The Kremlin has dismissed US claims that Russia meddled in the US election as  amateurish '' and  unprofessional '' .
A secondary school in Oxfordshire could close after inspectors said it was failing pupils .
An 82-year-old woman has been seriously assaulted in her home in South Lanarkshire .
Prime Minister David Cameron is to host an anti-corruption summit in London .
Two treasure hunters who claim to have found a Nazi 's missing train in Poland say they have proof it exists .
Tesco has agreed to sell its US grocery chain Fresh & Easy to private equity firm Yucaipa .
Ipswich Town have signed Manchester City defender Emyr Huws on loan until the end of the season and Reading striker Dominic Samuel on a one-month loan deal .
Katie Ledecky won her third gold medal of the Rio Olympics as the United States won the women 's 4x200m freestyle relay .
A new group has been set up to tackle the spread of tuberculosis -LRB- TB -RRB- in Cheshire .
Great Britain 's rowing and cycling teams won four gold medals on day five of the Rio Paralympics .
Rescue teams are due to resume their search for a Scottish botanist who went missing in Vietnam .
Jessica Ennis-Hill 's coach Toni Minichiello says the Olympic silver medallist has a  big decision '' to make about her future .
More than 7,000 people have been affected by a cholera outbreak in Haiti , the health ministry says .
It was always going to be difficult for the prime minister to get her way .
Preston North End manager Simon Grayson hopes to agree a new deal with defender Bailey Wright .
A group of primary school children have written a song to help a church in West Yorkshire find a new vicar .
A man beat his wife to death before dousing her body in flammable liquid and setting it on fire , a court has heard .
NHS Direct , the company that runs the NHS 111 non-emergency telephone service in England , is to pull out of nine more areas .
The UK 's so-called  Brexiteers '' are embarking on a series of overseas visits to discuss trade with other countries after the UK leaves the EU .
Nigeria 's President Muhammadu Buhari has said he is determined to tackle corruption in the country .
It 's been a  dull '' general election campaign .
Irish Premiership club Institute 's home ground has been flooded after heavy rain on Tuesday night .
A baby who died from sepsis could have been saved if he had been taken to hospital sooner , an inquest has heard .
Police in Hong Kong are investigating reports of a mid-air theft on an Emirates flight from Dubai .
A woman believed to be one of the Chibok schoolgirls has been found in the north-eastern Nigerian state of Borno .
Preston North End have signed former Morecambe midfielder Louis Barkhuizen on a pre-contract deal .
An exhibition of cut-out artworks by Henri Matisse at the Tate has been described as  the most important show of its kind '' in the UK .
A luxury train has made a surprise appearance at a Kent station .
If you 're looking for a way to explore the world , this might be the way to go .
The UK 's industrial and construction output fell in February , according to official figures .
The Nigeria Football Federation -LRB- NFF -RRB- has opened disciplinary proceedings against national team coach Stephen Keshi .
The celebration of a US football touchdown registered as an earthquake in Seattle on Sunday night .
Human rights activists in the Democratic Republic of Congo have called for an investigation into a mass burial site in the capital , Kinshasa .
A US federal judge has ruled that the US women 's national football team does not have the right to strike .
Striker Steven MacLean has signed a new one-year contract with St Johnstone .
The Nigeria Football Federation -LRB- NFF -RRB- office in the capital Abuja has been sealed off by security forces .
The Scottish Labour Party can no longer turn to the  big beasts '' , the party 's only MP has said .
Head teachers have criticised Chancellor Philip Hammond for failing to use the Autumn Statement to invest in education .
The number of taxi and private hire car drivers with criminal convictions in Scotland has more than trebled in the past five years .
As Malorie Blackman steps down as children 's laureate , we take a look back at her time in the role .
A four-year-old girl who was injured when a man set fire to a train in the Swiss city of St Gallen has died in hospital , police say .
Plans to cut school bus subsidies in Pembrokeshire have been shelved .
The US Supreme Court has heard arguments in a religious liberty case that could result in a tie .
A Michigan woman has been charged with assault with a deadly weapon after she shot at the tyres of a getaway car .
Scientists have created fingerprint-sized chips that could be used to verify the authenticity of electronic equipment .
A school textbook in India has been criticised for describing non-vegetarians as  dishonest '' and  violent '' .
England 's Moeen Ali says he will have to improve if he is to win back his place in the Test side .
Oil prices have fallen sharply after the Organization of the Petroleum Exporting Countries -LRB- OPEC -RRB- decided not to cut production .
A hospital in Los Angeles has paid a ransom of $17,000 -LRB- # 17,000 -RRB- to hackers who had ransomware on its computers .
Shane Meadows is to write and direct a sequel to his Channel 4 drama This is England , set in the 1980s .
Three primary school cleaners who went on strike over pay have been sacked , according to reports .
Turkey has summoned the Russian ambassador in Ankara to protest against what it says was a violation of its airspace .
The chief constable of Avon and Somerset Police is to return to work after being found guilty of misconduct .
England completed a stunning victory over Australia in the first Test at the SSE Swalec Stadium .
Defender Dorian Dervite has signed a new two-year deal with Bolton Wanderers .
The Flandreau Santee Sioux tribe in South Carolina has burned its entire crop of marijuana after talks with the US government broke down .
Nottingham Forest striker Britt Assombalonga has signed a new four-year contract with the club .
Surrey took nine wickets on the final day to complete a crushing innings victory over Nottinghamshire .
Swansea City are considering Paul Clement and Gary Rowett as potential replacements for their next manager .
The owner of a shop named after the Islamic State militant group has said she is considering changing its name .
The death of a woman who was refused admission to hospital for brain surgery could have been avoided , a coroner has said .
The Mexican government 's investigation into the disappearance of 43 trainee teachers in September was  deeply flawed '' , a human rights group says .
The victims of a fatal accident on a theme park ride in Australia have been named .
England 's new central contracts are a  step in the right direction '' for the country 's netball team , according to shooter Caitlin Housby .
Dozens of pilot whales stranded on a beach in the southern Indian state of Tamil Nadu have died , officials say .
The world 's first floating offshore wind turbines have been moved into place off the north-east coast of Scotland .
If you want to know what is going to happen next , stop reading now .
A couple who live in the Arctic Circle have created an app that could help people escape natural disasters .
Sam Allardyce has resigned as manager of Crystal Palace .
South African prosecutors have appealed against the conviction of athlete Oscar Pistorius for murder .
A man has been found guilty of staging a series of car and bus collisions in Cheshire .
It is one of the UK 's most notorious traffic problems .
Ed Sheeran has announced he is taking a break from music .
Luke Berry scored twice as Cambridge United eased to victory over Cheltenham Town .
Scotland claimed their second win of the Six Nations with a gritty victory over Ireland at Murrayfield .
A helicopter manufacturer is facing closure after its Italian parent company said it plans to move production to the UK .
Human rights group Amnesty International has urged India to repeal a controversial law that gives the security forces sweeping powers in Indian-administered Kashmir .
A police sergeant investigating the death of an 11-year-old boy by self-suspension spoke to a school manager in January , a court has heard .
The Venezuelan military says it has shot down two suspected drug planes over the weekend .
Fire crews have issued a safety warning after two hoverboards caught fire in London .
A US congressman from Philadelphia , Chaka Fattah , has been convicted of misusing hundreds of thousands of dollars in federal and charitable funds .
The first Guantanamo Bay detainee to be tried in a US civilian court has been sentenced to life in prison .
The US state of Hawaii has filed a fresh legal challenge to President Donald Trump 's new travel ban .
Mae dyn wedi dweud ei bod yn gorffennol ac yn ymwybodol o adegau yn ei saethu yn aneffeithiol  gwn Taser .
If you 're a fan of a celebrity 's scent , it 's probably a good idea to ask for it .
Ireland 's Shane Lowry holds a one-shot lead going into the final round of the US PGA Championship .
The family of a British woman who was found dead at an airport in Istanbul believe she acted alone .
Wales captain Joe Ledley says the players want manager Chris Coleman to remain in charge of the national team .
Fleetwood Town ended Scunthorpe United 's seven-match unbeaten run in League One .
Four British men have appeared in court charged with terrorism offences in connection with an alleged plot to set up a caliphate in Iraq .
A man has been arrested in connection with the death of a woman in Dumfries .
The mother of a teenager who died in a car crash in the Highlands has paid tribute to her .
Nicola Sturgeon has said she will reveal the results of a public consultation on independence later .
Nico Rosberg set the pace in second practice at the Singapore Grand Prix as Mercedes team-mate Lewis Hamilton struggled with his car .
New rules to make broadband adverts more transparent have come into force .
Police are investigating a spate of vandalism to cars in the north of Edinburgh .
If you have been mis-sold payment protection insurance -LRB- PPI -RRB- then you may have been offered different compensation offers .
Hull FC half-back Marc Sneyd has signed a new two-year deal with the club .
Nigeria defender Kenneth Omeruo has joined Kasimpasa on a season-long loan from Chelsea .
Gambia 's former President Yahya Jammeh has been accused of stealing more than $ 1bn -LRB- # 700m -RRB- during his 22-year rule .
Author Simon Solomons has won the Waterstones Children 's Book Prize for his first novel .
Hundreds of people have taken part in a protest in Belfast against US President Donald Trump .
The British and Irish Lions squad for the tour of New Zealand has been announced .
A # 25m government scheme to encourage councils in England to return to weekly bin collections has been launched .
A gang that smuggled heroin worth # 1m into Wales has been jailed .
A school has changed its name to avoid being associated with the so-called Islamic State .
Meet the man who wants to break the world record for the fastest electric trolley .
United States goalkeeper Hope Solo has been suspended for two matches after being arrested for driving under the influence .
Hull FC will face Leeds Rhinos in the semi-finals of the Challenge Cup .
Actor Jerry Hall is to pay tribute to David Bowie at this year 's Mercury Music Prize .
The president of the Pacific island nation of Vanuatu has said the death toll from a powerful cyclone is expected to rise .
Google has shut down its internet-providing drone project , Titan .
A woman has died following a two-car crash on the A90 near Dalwhinnie .
A public inquiry into plans for a Circuit of Wales in Blaenau Gwent is due to close later .
Deutsche Bank has reported a sharp fall in profits for the first half of the year , hit by restructuring costs .
Newport County 's pre-season campaign came to an end with a 2-0 defeat at Barry Town .
My son wants to be a video game developer .
Rangers eased to a comfortable win over 10-man Queen of the South in the Scottish Championship .
The Conservatives , the Liberal Democrats and Labour are all promising to clamp down on tax avoidance and evasion .
The removal of a teacher from a school trip to the United States has been described as  appalling '' .
A report into the Casement Park football stadium project in west Belfast has recommended a number of changes to the project .
It is easy to get caught out when you are on the internet .
Turkey 's prime minister has ruled out sending ground forces into Syria to fight Islamic State -LRB- IS -RRB- .
The town of Tomatina in northern Mexico is celebrating its annual tomato festival .
Plans to redevelop a Victorian bank building in Cardiff city centre have been approved .
When West Ham United play their final game at the Boleyn Ground , it will be the end of an era .
Oscar-winning actor Jim Broadbent is to play the detective who led the investigation into the Great Train Robbery .
Olly Murs and Caroline Flack are to co-host The X Factor on ITV .
Derek McInnes insists Aberdeen can still finish second in the Premiership despite losing 3-0 to Rangers .
Aaron Ramsey says Wales are determined to reach the last 16 of Euro 2016 .
Bradford City have signed MK Dons midfielder George Taft on a two-year deal for an undisclosed fee .
Part of a cliff in Bournemouth has collapsed following heavy rain .
In the wake of the Metropolitan Police 's phone-hacking scandal , the force 's anti-corruption unit has been under scrutiny .
Wales Air Ambulance is to carry incubators on board its helicopters for the first time .
The world 's largest ice sculpture festival has opened in Switzerland .
Leinster maintained their unbeaten start to the Pro12 season with a hard-fought win over Glasgow at the RDS .
Police are investigating the death of an 82-year-old man in Saltcoats .
The number of Scottish businesses going into administration is continuing to fall , according to new figures from accountants KPMG .
Cardiff Blues maintained their unbeaten start to the European Challenge Cup with a bonus-point win over Pau .
Three members of staff at a special school have been arrested after a pupil was seriously injured in a swimming pool .
National League side Braintree Town have signed former Oldham Athletic midfielder Nathan Morgan-Smith on a deal until the end of the season .
Traders in Edinburgh have been accused of abusing the city 's waste system .
The head of India 's film censor board has resigned over the clearance of a film starring a controversial religious leader .
Former Leyton Orient player Michael Porter has been appointed as the club 's new chairman .
India is one of the world 's largest producers of milk .
A body has been found in the River Severn in Shropshire .
The Royal Bank of Scotland -LRB- RBS -RRB- has been fined # 1m by Hong Kong regulators for falsifying records .
lava has been pouring out of a volcano in Hawaii in the US .
Italy 's Matteo Trentin won the fourth stage of the Vuelta a Espana as Britain 's Chris Froome retained the overall lead .
EE is the best mobile network in the UK , according to an annual study .
Patrick Reed secured his place on the United States Ryder Cup team with victory at the Deutsche Bank Championship .
Burmese opposition leader Aung San Suu Kyi is to be honoured at this year 's Brighton Festival .
A military plane has crashed in south-eastern Colombia , killing all 21 people on board .
The son of a Kent woman has been cleared of stealing her pet cat .
The Israeli government has warned its citizens against travelling to India , warning of a possible terror attack .
A man who was sexually abused as a child has criticised the Scottish government 's inquiry into historical abuse .
Retail sales volumes have fallen for the second month in a row , according to official figures .
Facebook has announced a range of new features for its Messenger app .
A few years ago , I was approached by a woman who offered to be my fake girlfriend .
What do you do if you work for Facebook and you want to live next to the company 's headquarters ?
Harry Potter and the Cursed Child writer Jack Thorne is to write a TV adaptation of Edgar Dick 's Electric Dreams .
Bournemouth have signed midfielder Andrew Surman on a season-long loan from Norwich City .
A volcano in Costa Rica has erupted for the first time in six years , sending a huge column of ash into the sky .
Home Secretary Theresa May has told the House of Commons the Hillsborough disaster was a  terrible tragedy '' .
Owen Farrell inspired Saracens to a bonus-point win over Oyonnax in the European Champions Cup .
Police searching for missing Leicestershire teenager Kayleigh Haywood have made a fresh appeal for information .
Exeter Chiefs scrum-half Will Chudley has been ruled out for up to six weeks with a chest injury .
A teenager accused of murdering MP Jo Cox has denied calling her killer a  race traitor '' .
The Northern Ireland economy grew in the second quarter of the year , according to official figures .
Nico Rosberg set the fastest time in the second day of Formula 1 pre-season testing in Barcelona .
Equiniti has developed a cloud-based time and attendance system for the Her Majesty 's Passport Office .
Turkey has said it will continue its military operations in northern Syria until  all threats '' to its borders are eliminated .
The parents of a teenage girl who died in a boating accident have launched a safety campaign in her memory .
If the BBC Spotlight poll is anything to go by , the people of Northern Ireland want a border poll .
Each day we feature a photograph sent in from across England .
Several people have protested in the southern Indian city of Bangalore against the alleged rape of a French diplomat 's daughter .
Scientists say they have found the first direct evidence for a mysterious  hotspot '' in the atmosphere of Jupiter .
The FA Cup is one of the most prestigious domestic competitions in the world , and the qualifying rounds are full of interesting stories .
The jury in the retrial of footballer Ched Evans has been sent out to consider its verdict .
Two men have been jailed at Belfast Crown Court for their part in a multi-million pound drugs operation .
US cable company Charter Communications has agreed to buy Time Warner Cable in a deal valued at about $86bn -LRB- # 78.7bn -RRB- .
Politicians and commentators have been reacting to the death of a prison officer who was injured in a bomb attack last week .
Russia and the US are guarantors of Ukraine 's sovereignty , the Russian foreign minister has said .
A war crimes tribunal in Bangladesh has sentenced an opposition leader to death for atrocities committed during the 1971 war of independence .
US clothing retailer Abercrombie & Fitch has been criticised for tweeting a picture of a young woman dressed in a rainbow-coloured outfit .
Featherstone Rovers forward Joe Pick and Castleford 's John Bateman have been banned for two years after testing positive for banned substances .
Voting is now open for the BBC Sports Personality of the Year award .
Imagine having to change your child on a dirty floor , squash yourself into the back of a car and wait for a lift to the toilet .
England completed a series whitewash over West Indies with a five-wicket win in the fifth one-day international in Barbados .
A man has been charged with attempted murder after a man was hit by a Tube train .
The bodies of two Italians who were kidnapped in eastern Libya have been found , officials say .
A Nigerian man has been sentenced to life in prison in the US for trying to blow up a plane on Christmas Day 2009 .
The founder of the Greggs bakery chain was an  abuser of children '' , a court has heard .
A new partnership has been launched to help people in Northern Ireland with rare diseases .
A brothel madam at the centre of allegations against Sir Edward Heath says she has  no involvement '' with him .
Eight men have been charged with causing the deaths of four people in a crash in West Yorkshire .
A man has broken the world record for the heaviest pumpkin ever grown .
A woman who died in a two-car crash in the Scottish Borders has been named by police .
A music teacher raped a student at a school in Manchester , a court has heard .
Prejudice-based bullying is on the increase in Scotland , according to a new report .
AFC Wimbledon 's hopes of reaching the League Two play-offs suffered a blow as they lost at home to Portsmouth .
About 20 homes in Wrexham have been flooded after heavy rain caused rivers to burst their banks .
The Wimbledon Championships are the biggest tennis tournament in the world .
Burnley midfielder Joey Barton 's 18-month ban from all football-related activity has been extended by the Football Association .
The Killers frontman Brandon Flowers talks about his new solo album , The Desired Effect .
Rail passengers travelling between south Wales and London are being warned of disruption due to engineering works .
Britain 's Kyle Edmund lost in three sets to fourth seed Stan Wawrinka in the quarter-finals of the Shanghai Masters .
The director of national intelligence has refused to say whether he believes Russia meddled in the US election .
Campaigners have lost a High Court challenge against plans for a  major '' wind farm in Denbighshire .
Dublin retained their All-Ireland SFC title with a narrow victory over Mayo at Croke Park .
The search is on for the next winner of the Mo Ibrahim Prize for African leadership .
Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu has condemned remarks by the country 's deputy chief of staff that appeared to link rising anti-Arab sentiment to the Holocaust .
A learner driver has been stopped by police in south-west London .
A 3D-printed motor is being used to restore a key part of a Nazi codebreaking machine .
US military police are investigating after a mass pillow fight at West Point left dozens of cadets injured .
A new way of signing on to a tablet or smartphone could replace the need to type in a password .
The family of a man who lost two teeth after he was punched in the face at a private hospital in Bristol say they have been left devastated .
Police in the Indian capital , Delhi , have charged an Uber taxi driver with raping a female passenger .
Ghana 's government has scrapped a scheme that required nurses to agree to work abroad for five years .
World number one Dustin Johnson says he is in  good shape '' after returning to action at the RBC Heritage in North Carolina .
A children 's television show has been blamed for the failure of two of its characters to turn up at a festive event in Northern Ireland .
Mark Selby and Marco Fu are locked at 4-4 after the first session of their World Championship semi-final .
A councillor has been warned she faces legal action over her involvement in tree-felling protests .
Chinese businessman Dr Tony Xia has completed his takeover of Aston Villa .
Five people have been arrested after a teenager was stabbed to death in north London .
In our series of letters from African journalists , film-maker and columnist Ahmed Rashid considers the role of the army in the Arab Spring .
League One side Peterborough United have recalled defender George Taft from his loan spell with the club .
Warrenpoint Town have criticised the Irish Football Association 's decision not to punish Carrick Rangers .
National League side Braintree Town have signed goalkeeper Rob Lawless on a one-year deal .
Armed police officers at the Download festival have been taking selfies with fans .
What is the strength of the UK 's banking system ?
An agreement to phase out the world 's fastest growing greenhouse gases is expected to be reached later .
The UK unemployment rate has fallen to a 10-year low , official figures show .
Pep Guardiola has the ability to change the mentality of English players , says former Barcelona midfielder Xavi .
Notts County have signed Nottingham Forest midfielder Jack Yates on a season-long loan deal .
A man has been convicted of stabbing a drug dealer to death in the Scottish Borders .
The tiny Himalayan nation of Bhutan is one of the world 's last remaining sovereign states .
The brother of a man trampled to death by a herd of cows while walking his dog has called for safer footpaths .
Aldershot Town have appointed Gary Waddock as their new manager .
Politicians who campaigned for the UK to stay in the EU should stop talking about  hard and soft '' Brexit , a leading Leave campaigner has said .
The row between Apple and the FBI over access to the iPhone used by San Bernardino gunman Syed Rizwan Farook has focused attention on encryption .
A woman who died after suffering a psychotic episode was unlawfully killed , a coroner has ruled .
Is the threat of a Labour coup imminent ?
Iain Henderson and Tommy Bowe could return from injury in time for Ulster 's Pro12 game against Zebre .
Two men have been injured in an attack by three men at a house in Edinburgh .
A new bald eagle has been spotted in Perthshire .
Strictly Come Dancing winner Aliona Vilani has announced she is to retire from the show .
The number of children being put forward for adoption in England has fallen by 40 % in the last year , figures show .
China beat Japan to win the men 's team table tennis gold medal at the Rio Olympics .
At the Hideout , a comedy club in the US state of Texas , you 'd be hard pressed to find anyone who 's ever laughed .
European football 's governing body has ended its agreement with Uefa to allow domestic matches to be played on the same night as European fixtures .
Every year , thousands of crocodile eggs are taken from nests across Australia .
Three women who had relationships with undercover police officers have been giving evidence to MPs .
Beth Mead has signed a new contract with Women 's Super League One side Sunderland .
One of the UK 's most vulnerable railway lines could be at risk of flooding every 10 years , according to a new study .
US President Donald Trump has been accused of making misleading claims about the impact of the Paris climate agreement .
Manchester City Women have accepted a Football Association charge of breaching anti-doping rules .
A man has been found guilty of murdering a soldier in Powys .
A driver has been caught speeding at 101mph on the M62 motorway in East Yorkshire .
A new parking charge for large firms has come into force in Nottingham .
The parents of a girl who was seriously injured when she was hit by a motorbike have described her as  like the Tasmanian devil '' .
A man has been reunited with his missing suit after it was found in a woman 's wardrobe .
The number of people killed in a stampede at a religious festival in Ethiopia has risen to 88 , the government says .
Bristol City ended Cardiff City 's unbeaten start to the season with a deserved victory at Ashton Gate .
James Milner scored a late penalty as Liverpool came from behind to beat Francesco Guidolin 's Swansea City side .
Two Welsh police forces have been rated  inadequate '' in an inspection .
Police in the western Indian city of Mumbai -LRB- Mumbai -RRB- say they have arrested nine people in connection with the collapse of a building that killed 79 people .
Tottenham striker Harry Kane is  not for sale '' , says manager Mauricio Pochettino .
The BBC 's Reality Check team answers your questions each week .
Britain 's Kyle Edmund beat Spain 's Guillermo Garcia-Lopez to reach the second round of the China Open .
Edinburgh will play their home matches at Myreside from next season .
When Ukraine was hit by a massive cyber-attack last month , the country 's medical system was left in a state of emergency .
Catherine Lebeau , the French actress best known for her role in 1942 's Casablanca , has died at the age of 93 .
Manager Ronny Deila admitted his Celtic side looked  frightened and scared '' as they were knocked out of the Champions League by Malmo .
Alloa Athletic have appointed Jack Ross as their new manager .
The former head of the Independent Monitoring Commission -LRB- IMC -RRB- , Lord Alderdice , has said it would be unwise for the body to return .
Eastleigh were beaten at home by Macclesfield in the National League .
The government has failed to recover millions of pounds in child maintenance debts owed to single parents , the BBC has learned .
LeBron James has become the first player to reach 10,000 points for the Cleveland Cavaliers .
A China Eastern Airlines plane was forced to make an emergency landing on Sunday night after an engine fire .
Patrick Roberts is determined to make the most of his time at Celtic and return to Manchester City .
Two 13-year-old boys in Indonesia have been sentenced to 10 years in jail for the gang rape and murder of a 12-year old girl .
US President Barack Obama has called on Kenya to tackle corruption and terrorism , on the second day of his visit to the country .
A memorial has been held for a teenage free-runner who died after falling from a rooftop in Paris .
Polling stations have closed in Kenya 's general election , five years after the violence that followed the previous vote .
Indian restaurants in Scotland have warned they could be forced to close because of new immigration rules .
The devils are in this crisis . ''
Scotland 's Paul Lawrie is to have surgery on a foot injury and will miss the rest of the season .
EU leaders are meeting in Brussels to try to agree a plan to relocate 120,000 migrants across the bloc .
The Italian government has criticised northern regions for refusing to take in migrants .
A pilot had a  miraculous escape '' when his light aircraft crashed into a bungalow after hitting a fuel tanker .
Police investigating the Bloody Sunday killings have contacted more than 100 soldiers .
People in Sierra Leone have been told to stay indoors for 21 days as part of a nationwide lockdown to try to stop the spread of the deadly Ebola virus .
Relatives of the 96 football fans who died in the Hillsborough disaster have asked the home secretary for assurances there will be criminal prosecutions .
A man has been airlifted to hospital after becoming trapped under a tractor .
Blackpool Football Club chairman Karl Oyston has won a libel action against a fan who claimed he held a gun to his head .
Eight-year-old Safid is one of hundreds of child migrants hoping to get to the UK .
Ulster returned to winning ways in the Pro12 with a bonus-point victory over Treviso at Kingspan Stadium .
Demolition work has begun on a new housing development in Flintshire .
A pair of Earth observation cameras have been attached to the International Space Station .
The Bank of Ireland is to sell off about # 15m worth of loans to farmers and businesses in Northern Ireland .
Shots have been fired near a police station in the German city of Stuttgart .
Thai police investigating the murders of two British tourists say there is  no evidence '' against any of the suspects .
Rotherham United have signed former Nottingham Forest midfielder Danny Wilson on a one-year deal .
A woman has told a court her alleged abuser was  a monster '' .
Wales striker Sam Vokes has signed a new three-and-a-half-year contract with Premier League side Burnley .
Three Welsh Labour ministers have backed Yvette Cooper in the party 's leadership contest .
Access to the Tor network is being blocked by internet service providers across Turkey , activists say .
Human Rights Watch -LRB- HRW -RRB- says it has found evidence to support opposition claims that Syrian government forces tortured and killed thousands of detainees .
The Mexican Football Federation -LRB- FMF -RRB- has been warned by Fifa about homophobic chanting by its fans .
Labour peer Lord Dafydd Elis-Thomas has said Plaid Cymru  did not want to seriously participate '' in government .
England batsman Nick Compton says he is an  intense performer '' who is determined to win back his place in the Test side .
A murder investigation has been launched after a man was stabbed to death in Birmingham .
The chairman of the Airports Commission has rejected claims by Gatwick Airport that his report on airport expansion was flawed .
A 23-year-old man who was shot dead at a pool party in Surrey has been named as Carlton Hunter .
Stuart Bingham says his wife Rebecca is due to give birth to the couple 's third child .
One of Nottingham 's most historic buildings has been destroyed by fire .
England 's women completed a series whitewash of world champions New Zealand with a 35-14 win in Hamilton .
A former TV producer jailed for 17 years for trying to hire a hitman to kill his partner is to appeal against his conviction .
More than half a million drivers have been caught speeding through a village in the past year , campaigners have claimed .
A suspect in the Barcelona terror attack has told a court in Madrid that the group had been planning a much larger attack .
US President Donald Trump has scrapped the Trans-Pacific Partnership -LRB- TPP -RRB- trade deal on his first day in office .
A rare painting of a Welsh aristocrat has been bought by the National Trust .
Luton Town have released five players , but have offered new deals to goalkeeper Ben King and defenders Nathan Potts .
A large whale has been spotted in the Forth estuary .
Olympic champion Greg Rutherford won the long jump at the Great North City Games in Newcastle .
Footage of the Queen raising her arm in a Nazi salute has been released by a newspaper .
As a tin miner in Cornwall in the 1980s , Pita Matavesi 's only option was to work as a rugby player .
Oxford 's A40 is to be made a pedestrian-only road again when a shopping centre reopens next year .
Some of the world 's top athletes have been spotted with red circles on their skin .
Scotland 's hopes of reaching the 2018 World Cup finals suffered a further blow as they lost 2-0 to England at Wembley .
Pharmaceutical giant GlaxoSmithKline -LRB- GSK -RRB- has been fined for fixing the price of a prescription drug .
Lewis Hamilton says he will  give it everything '' in his bid to beat Mercedes team-mate Nico Rosberg to the Formula 1 world title .
Derby County caretaker boss Chris Powell says he is  fine '' following the suspension of manager Nigel Pearson .
The Cleveland Indians beat the Chicago Cubs 1-0 to take a 2-1 lead in the World Series .
It is one of the world 's most popular digital currencies , but is it doomed ?
Picasso 's hidden portrait of a friend has set a new record for the artist at an auction in New York .
Nigel Farage has joined Fox News as a commentator .
Former Scottish Labour leaders have criticised the resignation of Johann Lamont as leader of the party in Scotland .
A police officer who helped deliver a baby in a car has said it was  one of the most rewarding '' experiences of his career .
EDF Energy has said it expects to give the go-ahead to the Hinkley Point C nuclear power station in the UK next week .
Jaguar Land Rover -LR -RRB- has announced that it is to create 1,000 new jobs at its plant in Solihull , West Midlands .
Frankie Dettori won the 2000 Guineas for a second time as favourite Air Force Blue failed in his bid to win the race for a record eighth time .
A 25-year-old man has been arrested by police investigating the rape of a woman in the Republic of Ireland .
A football fan accidentally punched a hole in the ceiling while celebrating a goal .
A 19-year-old man has been arrested at Heathrow Airport on suspicion of terrorism offences .
Australia has expelled an Israeli diplomat over the use of forged Australian passports in the killing of a Hamas commander in Dubai .
Knitters are being asked to make bunting for the Tour de France in Cambridge .
Mae grp wedi sefydlu yn Arberth , Sir Ben Kingsley , wedi cyfrifoldeb o gefnogi cartrefu ffoaduriaid .
One of Scotland 's biggest salmon producers has reported a fall in profits after being hit by a  challenging '' quarter .
Northern Ireland 's unemployment rate is likely to continue to rise over the next two years , according to a new report .
Australian Olympic silver medallist Sarah Tait has died at the age of 28 .
The family of a schoolgirl murdered by a convicted murderer have said they are  stunned '' that a foreign national with a conviction for murder was not monitored .
In our series of letters from African journalists , novelist and writer VS Naipaul considers the impact of the financial crisis on the economies of Iceland and Cyprus .
A British teacher has been arrested in Spain on suspicion of possessing and distributing child abuse images .
Arbroath eased to victory over Montrose in Scottish League Two .
Thousands of Jordanians have protested in the capital, Amman , against the dissolution of parliament and a new electoral law .
A woman accused of murdering her four-month-old baby has been granted bail to remain in hospital .
Plans for eight councils in Wales have been unveiled by the local government minister .
This year 's BBC Proms will be a celebration of children 's music , the corporation has announced .
GoPro is to launch a drone , the company 's chief executive has announced .
An engineering firm in the Highlands is set to create up to 100 new jobs after securing a # 1m investment from the Scottish government .
For her latest project , photographer Stella Smith has been exploring the use of neon light in Saudi Arabia .
Police in the Democratic Republic of Congo have arrested one of Africa 's most popular musicians , Koffi Olomide , over an alleged assault on a female fan in Kenya .
A hospital is to introduce a weekday park and ride service in a bid to ease traffic congestion at its accident and emergency unit .
The common cuckoo is one of the UK 's most famous birds .
A council is to install solar panels on 2,000 homes in a bid to cut energy bills .
On the Friday before the Big Bang , there was a big party in the basement of the Stock Exchange .
The former Peruvian President , Alberto Fujimori , has announced he will start a social media account in prison .
The former first minister , Lord Bannside , has been speaking to the BBC about the 100th anniversary of the signing of the Ulster Covenant .
Night-vision equipment is being used to catch dog owners who fail to clear up after their pets .
Scotland 's two busiest airports have reported record passenger numbers for January .
John Higgins beat world champion Stuart Bingham 10-6 in the final of the World Grand Prix in China .
Technology giant Apple has raised $ 10bn -LRB- # 6bn -RRB- by selling bonds to help it return cash to shareholders .
The Court of Arbitration for Sport -LRB- Cas -RRB- has lifted the suspension of six Russian cross-country skiers .
Nick Gubbins hit his first Championship century of the season as Middlesex took control against Somerset at Taunton .
Doctor Who and Guardians of the Galaxy star Karen Gillan is making her feature film directorial debut .
Cash is no longer being accepted on London 's buses , Transport for London -LRB- TfL -RRB- has announced .
The Galileo satellite navigation system is being developed by the European Space Agency .
Votes are being counted in Colombia 's presidential run-off election .
Catfish and the Bottlemen have gone straight to number one in the UK album chart with their fourth record , The Ride .
The US President , Barack Obama , has told his Irish counterpart , Enda Kenny , that he wants to visit Ireland .
The RMT union has accused Southern rail of  harassment '' after it criticised the company on Twitter .
The Conservatives have taken control of Derbyshire County Council .
Widnes Vikings head coach Denis Betts says he is confident his side can turn their Super League form around .
A US appeals court has reinstated President Donald Trump 's travel ban on people from six mainly Muslim countries .
Police have appealed for witnesses after a security guard was spat at on a train .
Bird flu has been found at a farm in Lancashire , the Department for Environment , Food and Rural Affairs -LRB- Defra -RRB- has confirmed .
A hospital has apologised after the body of a politician was sent to the wrong funeral home .
Russian President Vladimir Putin has defended his country 's military presence in Syria .
Gareth Southgate has been appointed England manager on a permanent basis .
The Transatlantic Trade and Investment Partnership -LRB- TTIP -RRB- is a major trade deal being negotiated between the EU and the US .
A man who set a world record for the largest jigsaw puzzle has had to send in replacements after pieces went missing .
Species of plants and animals face a  double jeopardy '' of being wiped out by climate change , say scientists .
A minor-league baseball team in the US state of Utah has apologised for a calendar promotion that included the words Caucasian Heritage Night '' .
In the digital age , tablets and smartphones are increasingly being used to access educational content .
Airdrieonians secured their place in the Scottish League Two play-offs with victory .
Wales fans have been reacting to their team 's defeat in the Euro 2016 semi-final .
Car manufacturer TVR is to build its new sports car in south Wales , First Minister Carwyn Jones has announced .
An experimental Ebola vaccine is being sent to Liberia to start a clinical trial .
Great Britain 's Helen Glover and Heather Stanning retained their women 's double sculls Olympic title in Rio .
The number of people killed in a fire at a nightclub in the Romanian capital Bucharest has risen to 32 , officials say .
Hereford United have been expelled from the National League after failing to pay their debts to the Conference .
A former Royal Navy diver who worked on the HMS Coventry search and recovery operation has spoken of the  harrowing '' experience .
The family of a man who died in a car crash have set up a charity centre in his memory .
The Republic of Ireland has failed to meet international human rights standards during the economic crisis , a new report has said .
Warren Joyce has been sacked as manager of Championship strugglers Wigan Athletic .
A Tesco supermarket has been badly damaged in an explosion .
Volunteers are being sought to help with restoration work at a former copper mine in Cumbria .
Kirsty Williams , leader of the Welsh Liberal Democrats , will be the fifth leader to appear on the BBC 's Ask the Leader programme .
Egypt 's Nour El Sherbini beat England 's Sarah-Jane Waters to win her second British squash title .
A new set of stamps has been released to mark the 350th anniversary of the Great Fire of London .
A grizzly bear has killed a cyclist in Montana 's Glacier National Park , officials say .
Members of the British Beard Club are gathering in Dover to compete for the title of the world 's best moustache .
In his first column since the Brexit vote , the Bank of England 's governor Mark Carney explains why he decided to extend his time in office .
Plans to move the office of the police and crime commissioner -LRB- PCC -RRB- from Exeter to Plymouth have been criticised by a senior officer .
The summer transfer window will close at the end of August .
A museum dedicated to the First World War has been awarded # 1m to mark the centenary of the conflict .
The chairman of Google , Eric Schmidt , has defended the firm 's tax arrangements in the UK .
A new marine energy research centre is to be established at the University of Ulster with the help of a # 10m grant from the European Union .
A house in west Belfast has been badly damaged in two separate arson attacks .
A man jailed for life after biting off part of a man 's ear has had his sentence quashed at the Court of Appeal .
Members of the public are being asked to help in the hunt for some of the world 's most wanted wildlife criminals .
Denny Solomona scored a hat-trick of tries as Castleford ended their Super League season with victory over Widnes .
Ethiopians have been reacting to the retirement of the country 's most successful athlete .
A man is in a critical condition in hospital after being shot in the leg .
A Pembrokeshire castle is opening its doors to the public for the first time in 100 years .
Zambia coach Geoffrey Chambeshi says his team have the strength and power to beat Germany in their last-16 match at the Under-20 World Cup .
Gordon Strachan says Scotland must beat Slovenia to keep alive their hopes of qualifying for the 2018 World Cup .
British gymnast Louis Bevan has broken his leg in a training accident .
A partial cessation of hostilities has begun in Syria 's second city , Aleppo .
Two men have been arrested in Nigeria on suspicion of homosexuality , police say .
Artist Damien Hirst is to write a book about his life , following in the footsteps of Morrissey .
Plans to improve one of Glasgow 's busiest roads have been approved by councillors .
A 23-year-old man who died in a car crash in Shetland has been named .
Scientists have discovered a new species of prehistoric reptile in a museum specimen .
The line-up for this year 's Glastonbury Festival has been announced .
Prof Stephen Hawking is to give BBC Radio 4 's annual Reith Lecture , discussing black holes .
Gambling revenues in the Chinese city of Macau fell sharply in the first nine months of the year , in a sign of the impact of China 's anti-corruption campaign .
US President Barack Obama has defended his relationship with Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu , after the Israeli leader said a Palestinian state would not happen while he was in office .
Universities must do more to help communities after the Brexit vote , the education secretary has said .
Women 's Super League One club Arsenal Ladies have changed their name from Arsenal Ladies to Arsenal Women .
The US government has given Royal Dutch Shell conditional approval to resume drilling for oil and gas in the Chukchi Sea off the coast of Alaska .
Communications Secretary Jeremy Hunt has defended his plans for high-speed broadband in the UK .
Actress Olivia Mackichan has called for a  sea change '' in the portrayal of violence against women on TV .
High Street bakery Greggs has reported a rise in sales and profits for the third quarter in a row .
England batsman Keaton Jennings should be dropped before the Ashes , says former South Africa captain Graeme Smith .
Campaigners fighting plans for a third wind farm in Lincolnshire have held a protest march ahead of a public inquiry .
Millions of pounds could be saved by improving end-of-life care for terminally-ill patients , a report suggests .
One of China 's first baby hatches , set up to help parents abandon ill babies , has been temporarily closed to new arrivals , officials say .
The pound has fallen sharply after the UK 's inflation rate unexpectedly slowed .
Leinster ended their Pro12 campaign with a hard-fought victory over Edinburgh at Murrayfield .
Seven more Russian athletes have been banned from competing by their sport 's governing body .
Alexis Sanchez scored twice , including a controversial goal , as Arsenal beat 10-man Hull City in the Premier League .
Two Canadian teenagers have appeared in court charged with child pornography offences in connection with the death of a teenage girl .
Juventus captain Gianluigi Buffon has criticised the use of video assistant referees -LRB- VAR -RRB- in Serie A .
Commuters in London face the longest commutes in the UK , a study has found .
There is  every likelihood '' of a vote in the assembly on the triggering of Article 50 , the Welsh Government 's top lawyer has said .
The number of livestock worrying incidents reported to police has increased , according to new figures .
Supermarket Asda has said it will increase the price it pays to its milk supplier , in an effort to help struggling farmers .
Sierra Leone 's President Ernest Bai Koroma has again refused to sign into law a bill which would legalise abortion .
Charlton Athletic have re-signed striker Yann Kermorgant on loan from Marseille until the end of the season .
Iceland stunned the Netherlands with a 2-0 victory in their Euro 2016 qualifier .
A drug dealer has been found guilty of murdering a two-year-old boy in Rhondda Cynon Taff .
Forest Green Rovers have signed defender Mark Roberts from Cambridge United for an undisclosed fee .
Boris Johnson has been accused of breaking the law by carrying his wife on the back of his bike .
Sunderland have terminated the contract of former Arsenal defender Emmanuel Eboue , who has been banned from all football-related activity by Fifa .
Saracens prop Nick Tompkins has signed a new three-year contract with the Premiership club .
Wales is paying the price for its lack of leadership on renewable energy , a leading barrister has said .
Details of West Ham 's annual rent at the Olympic Stadium are to be made public .
Former NBA basketball player Lamar Odom is in hospital after being found unconscious at a Nevada brothel .
A hospital trust has been ordered to pay # 4m to a girl left paralysed after her birth .
In a rare interview , the man behind some of the world 's most successful tech products tells the BBC 's James Reynolds how he is preparing to go head-to-head with Apple 's Sir Jonathan Ive .
The largest radio telescope in the world has captured some of the most detailed images yet of Jupiter 's weather systems .
Guernsey FC are considering whether to enter the FA Cup , despite being told by the Football Association they must play in England .
The US government has refused to allow a controversial oil pipeline to cross under a lake in North Dakota .
Plaid Cymru leader Leanne Wood has called for  harmonious co-existence '' between Wales and Scotland .
Nato has formally ended its combat mission in Afghanistan after 13 years .
Police investigating the disappearance of Joanna Yeates have released CCTV footage of the landscape architect on the night she disappeared .
The number of lesbian , gay , bisexual and transgender characters on US television has reached a record high , according to a new report .
The Met Office has issued an amber  severe weather warning '' for Friday .
Non-league Merstham will host Oxford United in the first round of the FA Cup .
Concerns about the safety of a beach where a man died were raised months before the death , it has emerged .
England suffered a nine-wicket defeat by Pakistan in the second Twenty20 international at Old Trafford .
Manchester United manager Sir Alex Ferguson says his side are focused on winning the Premier League title .
An Indian rapper has staged a protest against the appointment of a woman chief minister in the southern state of Tamil Nadu .
The UK 's largest brewer is planning to open a chain of coffee shops .
People will be required to show photo ID at the polls in a bid to reduce the risk of electoral fraud .
Armed police were deployed to a town centre after three people were stabbed .
Identical twins Tom and Ben Ransom have signed new two-year contracts with Sale Sharks .
A breed of Cornish honey bee has been found to be more resistant to a deadly mite .
A group of primary school children have spoken of the moment a tractor trailer carrying them overturned .
The organisers of the Rock am Ring music festival in western Germany say it has been cancelled because of a lightning strike that injured more than 30 people .
German Chancellor Angela Merkel has said  the times in which we could completely depend '' on the US and Britain are  on the way out '' .
One of the Hatton Garden burglars told police he had a stash of stolen goods buried in a cemetery , a court has heard .
Reading secured their place in the Championship play-offs with a comfortable win at Burton Albion .
The shape of a glass does not affect the amount of alcohol people drink , a study suggests .
Sports Direct , the UK 's biggest sportswear retailer , has said it will take a hit to its profits after the pound plunged following the Brexit vote .
Reanne Evans will face former champion Ken Doherty in the first round of qualifying for the World Championship at the Crucible Theatre in Sheffield .
At least 104 people have been killed in floods in the Indonesian province of West Java , officials say .
Foreign Secretary Boris Johnson is to visit Moscow in the coming weeks , the Foreign Office has said .
Lithium , a key ingredient in lithium , has been found to slow the ageing process in animals .
Mobile phone operator EE has tested a drone and helium-filled balloons to provide mobile coverage in rural areas .
Eight people have been injured in a fire at a block of flats in Glasgow .
Iraqi forces battling so-called Islamic State -LRB- IS -RRB- for control of the city of Mosul say they are continuing to face heavy resistance .
A suicide prevention app has been launched in the north east of Scotland .
It 's almost time for the Hungarian Grand Prix .
A growing number of US Muslims are offering to guard Jewish sites in the wake of recent anti-Semitic attacks .
A man has pleaded guilty to murdering his parents at their home in County Donegal .
Consumer goods giant Unilever has reported a fall in sales for the last three months of 2014 .
He was a retail novice with a chequered financial background .
Eurosceptic politicians across Europe have welcomed the UK 's vote to leave the EU .
Exeter claimed their first win of the season with a narrow victory over Cambridge at St James Park .
British songwriter Rod Temperton , who wrote the songs on Michael Jackson 's Thriller album , has died .
The election of Donald Trump as the next US president has thrown the world of business into turmoil .
The funeral of a teenager who died in the Manchester attack has been held .
The MTV Europe Music Awards -LRB- EMA -RRB- are taking place in Glasgow on Sunday night .
The Concussion Management Review Group has cleared Munster of any wrongdoing over Conor Murray 's head injury against Glasgow .
A lifeboat station has been temporarily closed due to a dispute over the removal of a volunteer .
Former world number one Victoria Azarenka has won her first match since the birth of her son .
Australia beat India by 169 runs in the first Test to take an 1-0 lead in the three-match series .
Plans for hundreds of new homes in Rhondda Cynon Taff have been submitted to the council .
A council is to take legal action after a planning inspector refused to reopen an examination of its economic development plan .
Mark Shankland scored twice as St Mirren beat Livingston in the Scottish Championship .
Eugene , an artificial intelligence chatbot , has passed the Turing Test .
A deal has been struck to build a Garden Bridge in south London .
Ian Keatley 's last-gasp drop-goal earned Munster a dramatic Pro12 win over Edinburgh at Murrayfield .
The chairman of the Independent Inquiry into Child Sexual Abuse -LRB- IICSA -RRB- , John McKelvie , has resigned .
The message from the Rio Paralympics has been loud and clear .
Fulham boss Slavisa Jokanovic says striker Chris Martin will not be sent back to Derby County on loan .
A large piece of space debris that washed up on the Isles of Scilly was from a SpaceX rocket , the company has confirmed .
Women who use private clinics to test for Down 's disease should be given more support , a report says .
Helga Pomsel , who served as Joseph Goebbels ' secretary during World War Two , has died at the age of 106 .
An Edinburgh man has broken the world record for the longest continuous bagpipe playing session .
Mae Eisteddfod Genedlaethol wedi cyhoeddi ymweld  Chyngor sir Ynys Mn .
Rescuers searching for a US climbing party missing on Mount Rainier say they believe they have lost contact with the group .
Mae Clwb Pl-droed Porthmadog yn l ym Mn yn rhan fawr o'i fywyd ers iddo fod yn blentyn .
Roman Seleznev , the son of a Russian politician , has been found guilty of hacking into US businesses and stealing millions of credit card numbers .
Police have appealed for witnesses after money was stolen from purses left in a building in Aberdeen .
A child has been taken to hospital after being hit by a car in Denbighshire .
Scientists believe they have found the first example of a reptile carrying an embryo .
A council has been accused of a  major administrative cock-up '' after failing to claim millions of pounds in compensation .
Maesteg Harlequins prop Ryan Watkins has become the second Welsh rugby player to be suspended after failing a drugs test .
There should be no stigma attached to having basic rights to food , Scotland 's children 's commissioner has said .
UK pharmaceutical giant GlaxoSmithKline -LRB- GSK -RRB- is to change the way it patents its medicines in the world 's poorest countries .
The Malaysian government has cancelled a concert by US singer Erykah Badu after a photo of her with tattoos deemed offensive to Muslims appeared in a local newspaper .
A second strike by teachers at a school in Cumbria has begun .
A new football pitch has been unveiled in Cardiff ahead of the Champions League final .
David is still afraid to walk alone on the streets of Paris .
The European Court of Human Rights has ruled that Belgium 's ban on face veils is  justifiable in principle '' .
Al-Qaeda in the Islamic Maghreb -LRB- AQIM -RRB- is the North African branch of al-Qaeda .
Pitch Perfect 2 has beaten Mad Max: Fury Road to the top of the North American box office .
The Gambia 's President Yahya Jammeh has recalled his country 's ambassador to Cuba .
A draft of Labour 's general election manifesto has been leaked to the media .
A British couple killed in a plane crash in New Zealand were celebrating their 50th birthdays , their daughter has said .
Manchester City manager Roberto Mancini says striker Carlos Tevez will be available for Saturday 's Premier League game against Sunderland .
Harry Styles ' tweet thanking fans for voting for him in the US presidential election has become the most retweeted ever .
A 20-year-old man has been jailed for two years for sexual activity with a girl aged 14 .
A motorcyclist has died in a crash in Lancashire .
So why is the chancellor getting a bit better off than he was in July ?
When Skins first aired on BBC One , it was a hit with viewers .
Nearly 700 Kenyans have returned to the country after fighting in Somalia , according to a report by the International Organization for Migration -LRB- IOM -RRB- .
Ukraine 's postal service has been hit by a cyber-attack .
The US is the world 's largest investor in clean energy technologies , according to a new report .
Former Wales centre Jamie Roberts will play for Cambridge in Saturday 's Varsity match against Oxford .
Jordan Windass hopes his first goal for Rangers can help him force his way into the side for the new season .
Kilmarnock have signed midfielder Dom Thomas from Motherwell for an undisclosed fee .
The number of graduates studying languages in Northern Ireland is falling , according to the University of Ulster .
Ali Carter says he is  lucky to be alive '' after losing to John Higgins in the first round of the UK Championship .
Bristol City Council has been accused of a  one-sided bargain '' after it emerged it was paying up to # 6m a year to run a park-and-ride site .
Labour leader Jeremy Corbyn has said he is  concerned '' that the head of the armed forces has intervened in the row over Trident renewal .
Port Vale director of football Les Smurthwaite has confirmed that Championship clubs are interested in the club 's young goalkeeper Ben Smith .
Drivers on the London Underground -LRB- LU -RRB- are to be balloted for strike action over plans for a new all-night service , the union Aslef has said .
One of China 's biggest steelmakers , Baosteel , is to merge with two rivals in a bid to become the world 's second largest .
As the general election campaign gets under way in Wales , the BBC 's political editor Laura McAllister looks at the key issues for both the Conservatives and the Labour Party .
The government has been talking about how many nurses there are in the UK .
A German police officer has been killed in a shootout with a suspected far-right gunman .
The government has spent more on social security than it expected since 2010 , a think tank has said .
J Craig Venter is one of the most controversial scientists of his generation .
A judge has criticised a council 's handling of a case in which a young boy had been living with his great-great-uncle .
Liverpool have signed striker Christian Benteke from Aston Villa for # 25m .
Comedian Sandi Toksvig has backed the BBC 's decision to ban all-male panel shows .
Former Miami Dolphins tight end Rob Konrad has been rescued after his boat capsized .
A 16-year-old girl with mental health issues who was kept overnight in a police cell has been found a place of care , NHS England has said .
The Independent Police Complaints Commission -LRB- IPCC -RRB- is investigating 84 cases of alleged police wrongdoing over child sexual abuse in England and Wales .
Michail Antonio scored twice as Nottingham Forest came from behind to earn a point at second-placed Watford .
Five disabled people have lost a High Court challenge against the closure of the Independent Living Fund -LRB- ILF -RRB- .
A reward of # 10,000 has been offered for information about the murder of schoolgirl Caroline Dunlop .
Ulster 's forwards coach Dan Clarke has been appointed as the province 's new forwards coach on a two-year deal .
South Africa is one of the world 's fastest-growing economies .
A Russian aircraft carrier and other warships have entered the English Channel .
Sea otters are helping to reverse the decline of seagrass in a California estuary , according to a new study .
EastEnders star Danny Dyer has been named best actor at the Radio Times Television Awards -LRB- Tric -RRB- .
A new  hi-tech '' ferry that was damaged when it hit a pier has returned to service .
The New England Patriots beat the Seattle Seahawks 28-24 to win their fifth Super Bowl .
Easyjet is planning to use drones to inspect its planes as part of a new technology project .
The United Nations has called on the Iraqi government to ensure the safety of civilians when it retakes the western part of Mosul from so-called Islamic State -LRB- IS -RRB- .
The British Formula 1 team Manor has gone into administration for the second time , with the loss of 456 jobs .
Abdelbaset Ali Mohmed al-Megrahi was the only man convicted of the 1988 bombing of Pan Am flight 103 over Lockerbie .
League Two side Colchester United have signed Huddersfield Town youngster George Taft on loan until the end of the season .
More than half of UK firms have been the victims of a cyber attack , according to a report .
Glamorgan batsman Ben Wright has left the county by mutual consent .
Scotland 's political leaders have been campaigning across the country ahead of the general election on 7 May .
A record number of seals have been born at a Norfolk nature reserve .
Australian police officer Mick Fett is a huge Star Wars fan .
A Labour AM has accused a Conservative colleague of  smears and personal attacks '' after he called for a forensic investigation into the Welsh Government .
The US is sending 275 military personnel to Iraq , the White House says .
A father and son died when their light aircraft crashed in a field in France after the pilot made a sharp turn , an inquest has heard .
UKIP leader Nigel Farage has said his party 's new leader Neil Hamilton is  ageist '' .
England fly-half Danny Cipriani will return to Wasps next season .
Vincenzo Nibali has been disqualified from the Vuelta a Espana after a crash involving his team car .
One of Liverpool 's most famous hairstylists , Herbert Howe , has died at the age of 69 .
Manager Lee Johnson said he was  proud '' of his Bristol City side after they earned a 2-2 draw at Newcastle in the Championship .
The White House has refused to say whether President Barack Obama and his wife Michelle celebrated their first wedding anniversary at the White House .
The worlds oceans are in a state of crisis , according to a new report .
Two dogs rescued after their owner was killed in a motorbike crash have found a new home .
The funeral of a soldier who died while taking part in the London Marathon has taken place .
It was the first weekend of the new Premier League season , with many teams showing off their new signings , but who impressed and who had a debut to forget ?
Fiji have qualified for the quarter-finals of the World Rugby Sevens Series in Sydney .
Sir Dave Brailsford says he does not believe British Cycling is based on fear .
A leading actress in Nigeria 's Hausa film industry has been banned from working in the industry .
Up to 1,000 bottles of detergent have washed up on beaches in Cornwall .
Parents who work but do not look after their children will be eligible for a new childcare benefit , the government has said .
Nigel Farage should take a break from leading UKIP , the party 's only MP has said .
Booker Prize-nominated author Amitav Ghosh has been sharing his views on India 's presidential residence on Twitter .
Oscar Pistorius has told a court in South Africa that he stood up and tried to help his girlfriend Reeva Steenkamp after he shot her dead .
Ghana 's parliament has passed a new law aimed at curbing corruption .
Midfielder Gylfi Sigurdsson says Swansea City are  seeing the old Swansea again '' .
A ban on the use of wild animals in circuses could lead to the closure of zoos , circus owners have warned .
The gap between rich and poor in Latin America is the largest in the world , according to a UN study .
A man wanted in connection with the murder of a Cardiff teenager is on the run after escaping from custody in India .
A US military court has begun hearing evidence against five men accused of the 11 September attacks .
Police investigating the death of a woman whose body was found in Edinburgh have made a fresh appeal for information .
Former Wales scrum-half Mike Phillips says he is  massively surprised '' Stade Francais and Racing 92 are to merge .
Northern Ireland 's 1-0 defeat by Poland in their opening Group C game at the European Championship was a disappointing way to start the tournament .
Northern Ireland 's Paul Pollock has run his first half marathon in Cardiff .
A prisoner has died at HMP Elmley , the Prison Officers ' Association has said .
A woman who had to travel to England to terminate twins with fatal foetal abnormalities has won her legal challenge .
Henrik Stenson and Justin Rose will lead Europe 's charge in the second session of the Ryder Cup on Saturday .
Hundreds of people have gathered in Brighton to protest against the migrant crisis .
A judge has been appointed to review Scotland 's hate crime laws , following the defeat of the Offensive Behaviour at Football Act in the Scottish Parliament .
The Conservatives have asked anyone with information about bullying in the party to come forward .
There are a lot of charts on Wall Street .
Two sheep have been rescued from a busy road in Aberdeen .
Uber has accused London 's transport authority of failing to listen to the public .
Snap , the company behind messaging app Snapchat , has announced a pair of video-recording glasses .
The prime minister has accused Labour of  scaremongering '' over the future of a hospital ahead of the Corby by-election .
Details of Belgian Prime Minister Charles Michel 's official residence have been found on a computer believed to have been used by the Brussels attackers .
The head of the company bidding to buy Vauxhall is to meet Theresa May , Downing Street has said .
The children of a man shot dead by police after he tied them up told their mother he was going to kill himself , an inquest has heard .
Irish police investigating the disappearance of a man 16 years ago have begun a search of an area in Dublin .
The cost of building a new cycle and pedestrian bridge in West Sussex has been cut by almost # 10m .
A teenager who planned to carry out a knife and hammer attack on soldiers has been jailed for 12 years at the Old Bailey .
Zimbabwe 's First Lady Grace Mugabe has been granted diplomatic immunity by South Africa after she was accused of assaulting a woman .
Josh Taylor says he would beat Ricky Burns if he fought the Scot next week .
It is one of the biggest celebrations of the year in Scotland .
Four people have been rescued after their dinghy came to a halt on a sandbank in the Highlands .
A Viking brooch , a lamb and a model of a Tudor fisherwoman have been found during a treasure hunt in Scunthorpe .
Visitors to Marina Abramovic 's latest exhibition at London 's Serpentine Gallery have been given the chance to commune with the artist .
A Catholic school has suspended a former teacher over allegations of historical sexual abuse .
Two new species of magnolia have been identified after images of the trees were donated to an online encyclopaedia .
Bradford has been named the Curry Capital of Britain for a record fourth time .
A number of EU nationals have been wrongly sent polling cards in the run-up to the EU referendum , it has emerged .
A knife has been reported missing from a prison , a union has claimed .
Garry Thompson scored a stoppage-time winner as Morecambe came from behind to beat Cheltenham 2-1 at the Globe Arena .
President Barack Obama 's signature healthcare law has come into force .
Leinster have signed Niall Morris from Leicester Tigers on a two-year deal .
Kris Boyd is against Scottish clubs playing matches in the United States .
The last train carrying Winston Churchill 's coffin has returned to the tracks in County Durham .
Harlequins director of rugby Conor O 'Shea will leave the club at the end of the season .
The pharmaceutical company AstraZeneca -LRB- AZ -RRB- has announced a # 100m research programme to speed up the discovery of new medicines .
Robbie Williams has said he will not marry his partner until Australia legalises same-sex marriage .
Newcastle United owner Mike Ashley has said he will not sell the club until he wins something .
A Staffordshire bull terrier has been stolen from a pet shop in Stoke-on-Trent .
The Indian Ocean island of Reunion is a French overseas department .
A man who raped a woman when she was 14 has been jailed for 12 years .
A 23-year-old man has died after a forklift truck crashed into his car in South Lanarkshire .
A mother and father have denied murdering their three-month-old daughter who was found unconscious on a bus .
A 20-year-old woman has been raped in the Meadows area of Edinburgh .
A man who threatened to blow up Bristol Airport has been jailed for two years .
Virat Kohli 's India will face Pakistan in Sunday 's Champions Trophy final , a game that will be watched by millions around the world .
Solar Impulse , the aeroplane powered only by the Sun , has begun its journey from China to Hawaii .
In the run-up to the general election , the BBC 's Nick Triggle has been looking at the issue of devolution in the East Midlands .
A man who raped two women while on probation has been jailed for a life-long restriction order .
Firefighters have been tackling a blaze at a shopping centre in Norfolk .
I 'm looking forward to my first-round match against Liam Broady at Wimbledon on Monday , because it 's a big occasion for him .
A murder investigation has been launched after a man was stabbed to death in Manchester .
Arsenal 's FA Cup final win over Aston Villa was the perfect way for Arsene Wenger to win his first trophy as Arsenal manager .
Land Rover has confirmed it is to replace its iconic Defender model with a new vehicle .
A Pembrokeshire coach company has put itself up for sale .
A man is in a critical condition in hospital after being attacked by three men with a hammer .
French prosecutors have opened a criminal investigation into the Yemenia Airways plane that crashed into the Indian Ocean off the Comoros Islands in June 2009 .
The Welsh transport secretary has accused the UK government of a  conspiracy theory '' over the future of rail services in Wales .
A chocolatier has recreated the ships of the Battle of Trafalgar in chocolate .
A former driver for Osama Bin Laden , Nasser al- Bahri , has died of a heart attack , Yemeni officials say .
US Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump is facing growing pressure to quit the race over obscene comments he made about women .
Scientists have measured the gravitational pull of the Moon and Sun on the surface of Loch Ness .
If you 're heading to the Glastonbury Festival this year , you 'll have to pay a 5 deposit to get a beaker .
A man who admitted causing the death of a woman in a crash in County Tyrone has been jailed for two years .
Oil giant BP has said the world 's energy needs are being met by a  diverse and dynamic '' mix of fuels .
Substitute Lee Novak rescued a point for Charlton with a late equaliser at Fleetwood .
The head of Jamaica 's anti-doping agency has criticised the country 's athletes for failing drugs tests .
Skye had to settle for a point in a 1-1 draw at home to Murchison in the Marine Harvest Premiership .
Championship side Bristol have re-signed Leinster lock Luke Harris-Wright on a two-year deal .
A paedophile who bribed his victims with virtual currency from the Fifa football game has been jailed for 12 years .
Formula 1 's new cars have been unveiled at the first pre-season test in Spain .
Gross domestic product -LRB- GDP -RRB- is a measure of economic activity .
Hastings Pier has been officially reopened to the public by singer Madness .
Nico Rosberg says he is determined to end Mercedes team-mate Lewis Hamilton 's winning streak at the Spanish Grand Prix .
England centre Manu Tuilagi is unlikely to play again this season because of a hamstring injury , says Leicester Tigers director of rugby Richard Cockerill .
US pastor Wayne Anderson has been detained after appearing on a radio show in Botswana .
The Duke of Cambridge has thanked the people of Anglesey for welcoming him and his wife , the Duchess of Cambridge , to the island .
A rare white humpback whale has been spotted off the coast of Australia .
A man has admitted killing another man with a single punch in Edinburgh city centre .
Kim In-kyung beat Spain 's Carlota Ciganda in a play-off to win the Meijer LPGA Classic in Michigan .
The melting of the Arctic Ocean has taken scientists by surprise , according to a new report .
First Minister Carwyn Jones has called for urgent action to resettle more unaccompanied child refugees in the UK .
US pharmaceutical giant Pfizer has agreed to buy a biotech firm in a deal that values the company at $ 10bn -LRB- # 6bn -RRB- .
The UN special envoy for Syria has warned that a fragile ceasefire could collapse .
The Welsh government has welcomed a Supreme Court ruling on the powers of the assembly .
Former England defender Liam Ridgewell helped Portland Timbers to a 2-1 win over Columbus Crew in the MLS Cup final .
Goals from Patrick Roberts and Luke Fletcher gave Barnsley a comfortable win over Coventry City in League One .
Sam Robson became the first Middlesex batsman to hit a first-class double century against Warwickshire at Lord 's .
Scottish judo star Stephanie Inglis has thanked well-wishers for their support , saying  I am going to be up and about before you know it '' .
All images are copyrighted..Continued below ..
An amateur photographer has captured a spectacular display of the Northern Lights over Scrabster Harbour .
The owners of Manston Airport in Kent are taking legal action after the government announced plans to buy the site .
Four men have been found guilty of killing a man in a drug turf war .
The Burmese government has set up a commission to investigate sectarian violence in the western state of Rakhine , which has left at least 130 people dead .
UFC champion Conor McGregor will have to wait to find out if he will be allowed to wear 8oz gloves when he fights Floyd Mayweather in Las Vegas on 26 August .
A tunnel is the only way to improve the main route into Stonehenge , an MP has said .
Military service in the last 50 years does not increase the risk of suicide , according to a new study .
Welshman Andrew Selby will make the first defence of his British and Commonwealth super-bantamweight titles against Joe Norman in Cardiff on Saturday .
If you 're going to make a mistake , make it big .
The people of Cornwall have voted to leave the European Union .
A new code of conduct for police officers in Scotland has been published .
Egyptian police have clashed with protesters in Cairo and Alexandria over the transfer of two islands to Saudi Arabia .
Delays to the independent inquiry into historical child abuse have been caused by police inquiries , a Welsh MP has said .
A man has been found guilty of manslaughter after his mother 's boyfriend died following a fight at a holiday park .
Captain Radhika Menon saved the lives of 12 fishermen .
Goals from Andre Gray , Islam Slimani and Ahmed Musa helped Leicester City into the fourth round of the EFL Cup at the expense of Championship side Sheffield United .
League Two side Accrington Stanley have signed Crawley Town midfielder Bobby Olejnik on a two-year deal .
A six-year-old boy has been reunited with his pet lion after it went missing from his home .
An eight-year-old Canadian boy has apologised to a library after he accidentally ripped a page out of a comic book .
A 23-year-old woman has died in police custody in Lancashire .
As the UK goes to the polls to vote in the general election , owners have been taking their pets to polling stations to cast their votes .
Captain Chris Read says Nottinghamshire are  full of confidence '' after reaching the One-Day Cup Finals Day .
A man who climbed on to the roof of a church in Edinburgh was  very drunk '' , a court has heard .
Substitute Abdallah El Said scored a late winner as Egypt beat Uganda 1-0 to reach the Africa Cup of Nations quarter-finals .
Theresa May has said she is  looking forward '' to meeting US President Donald Trump in Washington next week .
A replica of one of the world 's oldest cave drawings has been unveiled in France .
Dozens of Yazidi women and children who were held captive by so-called Islamic State -LRB- IS -RRB- have been rescued , the UN says .
Armed police officers are to be recruited across England and Wales , Metropolitan Police Commissioner Sir Bernard Hogan-Howe has said .
Funding for Wales ' largest science centre is to be extended until 2021 , the Welsh Government has confirmed .
Manchester City have completed the signing of England right-back Kyle Walker from Tottenham Hotspur .
Plans for a new super-prison in Wrexham will not be given a local name , the government has said .
League One side Leyton Orient have been sold to a consortium led by businessman Nigel Travis .
A rare folio of the Koran is to go on display at Leeds City Museum .
Millwall held on to beat Bradford and reach the League One play-off final at Wembley .
US anti-abortion activist Troy Newman has lost an appeal against his deportation to Australia .
There has been a fall in the number of students entering GCSEs in Wales this year .
Jockey William Buick has been discharged from hospital after suffering a back injury in a fall .
Manchester City 's Yaya Toure believes Raheem Sterling should have been penalised for diving in the 2-2 draw with Tottenham .
Politicians have expressed concern about the future of shipbuilding on the Clyde .
The leader of the Lebanese Shia militant group Hezbollah has confirmed for the first time that his fighters are fighting in Syria .
A woman with incurable breast cancer has called for a drug to be made available on the NHS in Scotland .
Huddersfield Town have signed Swansea City midfielder Jack Grimes on loan until the end of the season .
An American Airlines plane has caught fire while taking off from Chicago 's O'Hare airport .
China 's Ding Junhui came from behind to beat Spain 's Luca Figueiredo 6-5 in the first round of the UK Championship in York .
Nasa 's Kepler telescope has discovered 216 planets outside our Solar System .
Footage has been released of a loggerhead turtle being filmed near the Great Barrier Reef in Australia .
David Cameron will have to stand down at some point , former Conservative leader Iain Duncan Smith has said .
Scotland internationals Tommy Seymour and Tim Swinson have signed new three-year contracts with Glasgow Warriors .
The UK 's defence secretary has announced  a huge financial investment '' in the Royal Navy 's future .
A Robin Hood and his Maid Marian are getting married , five years after they first met on stage in Nottingham .
A major shake-up of hospital services in Shropshire has been proposed .
Birmingham City boss Harry Redknapp says the club need to strengthen their squad this week .
High-earners will lose some of their child benefit from today , as part of the government 's welfare reforms .
A painting by Claude Monet , Nympheas , has sold for 31.7m at auction in London .
Police chiefs in north Wales and Dyfed-Powys have warned of further cuts to their budgets .
The remains of a Spitfire which crashed in Oxfordshire more than 70 years ago have been unearthed by archaeologists .
Wigan moved to within a point of Super League leaders Hull FC with a convincing win over Salford Red Devils .
Each day we feature a photograph sent in from across England - the gallery will grow during the week .
Blackpool and Wycombe played out a goalless draw at Bloomfield Road .
The use of force by staff at a prison has been criticised in a report .
Belgium 's Amy Pieters won the second stage of the RideLondon-Surrey Classic as Netherlands ' Marianne Vos retained the overall lead .
Losing is a painful experience , no matter how hard you try .
Police are investigating allegations of sexual abuse at Kids Company , a children 's charity in London .
A section of the M42 that was closed after a fatal crash involving a lorry and a car has reopened .
A woman had acid thrown in her face in a revenge porn attack , a court has heard .
France has condemned Turkey 's bombardment of Kurdish fighters in northern Syria .
A prominent Chinese journalist jailed for leaking state secrets has had her sentence reduced on medical grounds .
Owen Farrell is set to replace George Ford at fly-half for England 's second Test against Australia in Sydney on Saturday .
American Airlines , United Airlines and Delta Air Lines have all said they will stop transporting hunting trophies , following the killing of a lion in Zimbabwe .
England coach Steve McNamara says he is  in no rush '' to sign a new contract after his side beat New Zealand to win the Four Nations .
A body has been found in the Vale of Glamorgan , police have said .
Manager Pedro Caixinha says his Rangers side are enjoying their start to the season .
A close ally of Brazilian President Dilma Rousseff has been charged with corruption and money laundering .
The UK and France are expected to announce a deal to tackle the migrant crisis in Calais later .
A  substantial '' rise in the cost of running a combined authority has been rejected by councillors .
Visitors to Yellowstone National Park in the US state of Wyoming have been caught on camera trying to lasso a bison calf .
Five people have been killed in an attack on a nightclub in Mali 's capital Bamako , officials say .
Substitute Daniel O'Shaughnessy rescued a point for Cheltenham with a 90th-minute equaliser at Mansfield .
Sir Bradley Wiggins became the first Briton to win gold in the time trial at the Road World Championships .
When the world 's biggest economy raises interest rates , you know you 're in for a shock .
First Minister Carwyn Jones has said she is  not interested '' in becoming an MEP for UKIP Wales .
Leicester Tigers director of rugby Richard Cockerill is confident Manu Tuilagi will stay at the club .
A couple from Bradford believe they are the UK 's longest married couple .
A cold snap is battering central Italy with snow and freezing temperatures .
Police are searching a park following the discovery of three human feet .
The Australian government says it has turned back a boat carrying 46 Vietnamese refugees .
A woman has been killed and another injured in a chainsaw and axe attack at a shopping centre in Belarus .
It 's one of the biggest political upsets in British history .
Mae awdurdodau lleol faint o gwmnau oedd wedi ddarparu pecyn gofal ar l cael cytundeb .
Cardiff Devils forward Joey Haddad has signed a new two-year contract with the club .
Google 's parent company Alphabet has reported a rise in quarterly revenue , helped by a jump in advertising revenue .
US President Donald Trump 's travel ban on people from seven mainly Muslim countries has been suspended by a federal judge in New York .
A disabled man who was stuck in a train door at Bodmin Parkway station has called for more help for wheelchair users .
The water lilies in Claude Monet 's famous Agap Triptych could have been poisoned by his neighbours , it has been revealed .
A British aid worker who was killed in Pakistan was unlawfully killed , an inquest has concluded .
Wales lost 2-0 to Portugal in the semi-final of the European Championship .
The majority of members of the Northern Ireland Chamber of Commerce are opposed to the UK leaving the European Union , a survey has suggested .
A young woman in Ukraine has found herself at the centre of a sexism row .
A collection of more than 100 paintings , drawings and sculptures has gone on display .
Israeli forces have clashed with Palestinian protesters in the occupied West Bank and Gaza .
Retail tycoon Sir Philip Green has been appointed by the government to advise on how to cut public spending .
One of the world 's most famous trains , the Flying Scotsman , is returning to the tracks .
In the wake of the deadly attacks in San Bernardino , California , Republican presidential hopefuls have been talking about national security .
The mother of a schoolgirl who fled to France with her teacher has spoken out for the first time .
On 8 June voters across Wales will go to the polls .
Scottish Labour leader Kezia Dugdale is to promise to restore tax credits if her party wins power at next year 's Holyrood election .
The number of people in work in the UK has reached a record high , according to the Office for National Statistics .
Martin Guptill and Kane Williamson hit unbeaten half-centuries as New Zealand beat Pakistan by 39 runs in the second Twenty20 international .
A light aircraft has crashed in a field in North Yorkshire .
A business that makes a tracker for lost luggage has failed to secure a # 1m investment on the BBC 's Dragons ' Den .
The Colombian government and the Farc rebel group have agreed to resume peace talks after the release of a general held hostage by the rebels .
Labour 's ruling National Executive Committee -LRB- NEC -RRB- has failed to agree changes to the party 's leadership election rules .
Gareth McAuley said Northern Ireland 's 2-0 win over Ukraine at Euro 2016 was a  very special moment '' .
An agency set up to encourage private investment in infrastructure projects in the developing world has been criticised by the National Audit Office -LRB- NAO -RRB- for spending  outrageous '' amounts on travel .
Plaid Cymru has launched its manifesto for the assembly election .
A former soldier from the UK who was arrested in Turkey with his fiancee has been charged with terrorism , his lawyer has told the BBC .
Lawyers for Oscar Pistorius are to challenge the decision to allow prosecutors to appeal against his acquittal on murder charges .
The winner of the UK 's biggest tomato competition will be determined by a DNA test .
The new leader of the Afghan Taliban , Mullah Akhtar Mohammad Mansour , has been involved in a shooting in the Pakistani city of Quetta , Taliban sources have told the BBC .
Masked gunmen have seized 250,000 euros -LRB- # 235,000 -RRB- in cash and official documents from a Saudi prince 's convoy in Paris , French police say .
Sean Ervine hit an unbeaten 91 as Hampshire reached 291-4 at the end of day one against Somerset at Taunton .
The public did not recognise the impact EU funding had on Wales , a former Welsh secretary has said .
The Philippine army says it has retaken control of the city of Marawi from Islamist militants .
The mother of missing Madeleine McCann has begun a cycle ride from Scotland to the UK .
Manchester United defender Jonny Evans and Newcastle striker Papiss Cisse could face bans for spitting .
It was a historic moment for 16 and 17-year-olds .
A Palestinian woman who was badly burned in a firebomb attack on her family 's home in the West Bank has died in an Israeli hospital .
Scientists working on the European Space Agency 's Rosetta comet , 67P , believe they may have found the remains of an ancient nucleus .
Guernsey FC have been handed a home tie in the first round of the FA Cup .
Neymar 's move from Barcelona to Paris St-Germain -LRB- PSG -RRB- has been met with a lot of criticism .
The funeral of entertainer Keith Harris has taken place in Blackpool .
Paul Brian Murray was a 16-year-old student from Stoke-on-Trent .
Many Clouds will attempt to become the first horse since Red Rum in the 1970s to win back-to-back runnings when the Grand National takes place on Saturday .
A six-year-old girl with a rare form of leukaemia has been given a new lease of life .
Indian Wells tournament director Ray Moore has resigned after making controversial comments about women 's tennis .
A march by ex-soldiers calling for an end to prosecutions for Troubles-era killings is to go ahead .
A butcher in Fife has created a new Easter delicacy .
A senior Welsh Labour minister has said he wants Jeremy Corbyn to be prime minister .
I don 't want to talk about the dark web , '' says Christopher Dingledine .
Talks aimed at resolving a long-running dispute on the Southern rail network have broken down , the RMT union has said .
An outbreak of measles has been declared in Swansea and Neath Port Talbot .
Harlequins have signed fly-half Ruaridh Jackson from Premiership rivals Wasps .
US President Donald Trump is expected to announce his decision on whether to send more troops to Afghanistan later .
In the wake of the Finsbury Park attack , there has been a backlash against the press .
Zlatan Ibrahimovic has announced he will leave Paris St-Germain at the end of the season .
In the wake of the migrant crisis in Calais , some are calling for the reintroduction of ID cards .
The controversial  end-of-life pathway '' -LRB- LCP -RRB- should be phased out , a review is expected to say .
Photographs say to show the killing of the 10-year-old son of the leader of Sri Lanka 's Tamil Tiger rebels have been released .
Israeli archaeologists say they have reconstructed the floor of a Jewish temple in the occupied West Bank .
Crotone won promotion to Serie A for the first time after beating Lazio 3-1 .
A driver was caught trying to find a Sam Smith song on his mobile phone when he was stopped by police in Bournemouth .
Soul singer Ray BLK has been named the BBC 's Sound of 2017 for 2017 .
The mother of a teenager who took his own life after being bullied online has spoken to pupils about how to spot the signs of bullying .
Ireland suffered a five-wicket defeat by Afghanistan in the first Twenty20 international in India .
The Libyan coast-guard has resumed its search for survivors after two boats carrying migrants capsized on Thursday .
The M1 has been closed in both directions in Northamptonshire after a lorry overturned .
China 's exports in February were much stronger than expected , suggesting a recovery in the world 's second largest economy .
The annual HebCelt music festival is getting under way in the Highlands .
-LRB- Close -RRB- : Shares in Hewlett-Packard fell after the computer and printer giant reported disappointing results .
Who was King Arthur , and how Welsh would he have been ?
Visitors from outside the UK could be charged for using the NHS in Wales , the health secretary has said .
Thieves have targeted vans used by the DIY SOS team while they were working on a house in the West Midlands .
People have been using Your Questions to tell us what they want to know about the BBC .
Middlesbrough defender Mustapha Carayol says he has finally accepted an invitation to play for The Gambia .
An appeal to raise money for the family of a four-year-old girl who died after becoming trapped in a lift has raised more than # 10,000 .
A major UKIP donor has claimed he has been suspended from the party pending a meeting of its ruling National Executive Committee .
British actress Dame Judi Dench has revealed she has been diagnosed with a degenerative eye condition .
An extreme adventurer has become the first person to paddle the length of a river in Sri Lanka .
The brother of a Scottish aid worker murdered by Islamic State militants has spoken of the  devastation '' of his brother 's death .
US midfielder Christian Pulisic scored a late equaliser as Borussia Dortmund came from 2-0 down to draw with Ingolstadt .
A gunman has opened fire at a bar in the Israeli city of Tel Aviv , killing one person and wounding at least 10 others , police say .
Marko Arnautovic scored twice as Stoke City beat relegation-threatened Aston Villa at the Britannia Stadium .
The childhood home of Ringo Starr has sold at auction in Liverpool for # 300,000 .
Charlie Brown , Snoopy , Woodstock and Lucy .
A private rocket company has launched its first vehicle from New Zealand .
Pep Guardiola 's first game in charge of Manchester City will be against Manchester United in China .
Royal Mail has launched a consultation on changes to its pension scheme , which could lead to industrial action .
Theresa May 's speech to the Conservative Party conference was as predictable as it was brief .
The first acts have been announced for this year 's Bestival .
The government has defended its record on older workers during a Commons debate on the issue .
Somerset beat Gloucestershire by nine runs in the One-Day Cup at Taunton .
US President Barack Obama has signed a landmark treaty to regulate the global arms trade .
A food company has been fined # 15,000 for mislabelling frozen meat .
The new Scottish League Two season got under way on Saturday .
Asian markets have fallen after the European Central Bank -LRB- ECB -RRB- disappointed investors with its latest stimulus measures .
Plans to limit the number of fast food takeaways near schools in Kent have been approved by councillors .
-LRB- Close -RRB- : Shares in the UK and across Europe have risen on hopes of a deal between Greece and its creditors .
West Ham defender Diaf Sakho has been ruled out for the rest of the season .
A group of boiler owners who availed of the Renewable Heat Incentive -LRB- RHI -RRB- scheme have met to discuss their future .
Manchester United produced a scintillating display to thrash an out-of-sorts Arsenal at Old Trafford .
Cristiano Ronaldo scored a hat-trick as La Liga leaders Real Madrid thrashed Espanyol .
Clyde manager Barry Ferguson admits it is  easy to walk away '' from the Scottish League Two club .
South African police have replaced detective Hilton Botha as the lead investigator in the Oscar Pistorius murder case .
The Moroccan Football Federation -LRB- FMRFF -RRB- has banned Raja Casablanca fans from attending matches after rival supporters clashed in the capital Rabat .
The government has been accused of being  out of touch '' over its plans to cut business rates , an MP has said .
The UK needs to re-wild its rivers to reduce the risk of flooding , experts say .
More than 20,000 students in Wales have outstanding student loans , according to the latest figures .
In the mountains of south-eastern France , sheep are free to roam .
In the early hours of Monday morning , a man was shot dead in the lobby of a hotel in Dublin .
Dundee have signed former Real Sociedad midfielder Angel Etxabeguren on a two-year contract .
Swansea City head coach Paul Clement says he is interested in speaking to Chelsea captain John Terry .
A pipe bomb has been found near a primary school in north Belfast .
Algeria midfielder Sofiane Mbolhi has joined Turkish side Antalyaspor for an undisclosed fee .
Wakefield reached the Challenge Cup semi-finals for the first time since 2009 with a convincing win at Huddersfield .
Thousands of homes in Leeds have been left without water after a fault at a treatment works .
The US Supreme Court has said it will decide whether gay and lesbian couples have a constitutional right to marry .
Do you think you are the greatest boxer of all time ?
The owner of the Yorkshire Bank has said it is set to set aside an extra # 500m to compensate customers mis-sold payment protection insurance .
Andy Murray gave defending champions Great Britain a 1-0 lead over Japan in their Davis Cup World Group tie .
A former member of the cross-party Monitoring Commission has said he is  disappointed '' that no agreement has been reached on a new body to monitor paramilitary activity .
When Islamist militant group Boko Haram abducted more than 200 schoolgirls from a school in the north-eastern Nigerian town of Chibok a year ago , the father of one of the girls , Reverend Enoch Mark , went on the search .
The UK 's air traffic control system is running out of capacity , it has been claimed .
The Welsh Conservatives would protect the NHS budget for the lifetime of the assembly , the party 's leader has said .
Stephen Dobbie scored twice as Queen of the South beat Alloa Athletic to reach the Scottish Challenge Cup semi-finals .
BP has announced plans to cut about 600 jobs in the North Sea .
A growing number of people are choosing to identify as neither male nor female .
Friends star Matthew Perry is reported to be involved in a special Friends reunion .
A man has died and two teenage girls have been taken to hospital after getting into difficulty in the sea in Gwynedd .
The company behind the failed Zano drone project in Pembrokeshire has published an update on its finances .
Train services between Edinburgh and the Borders have returned to normal .
An independent panel in Japan has concluded that the 2011 earthquake and tsunami at the Fukushima Daiichi nuclear power plant was a  manmade disaster '' .
Fugitives from the UK are being hunted by police in Spain .
A Japanese boy who was lost in the mountains for six days has been found alive .
Residents of drought-stricken California saved nearly 30% of their water in July , according to state officials .
Calls have been made for pet owners to be notified when their animals are killed on the roads .
Captain Joe Root says England have a  point to prove '' in Saturday 's World Twenty20 match against Sri Lanka .
Prisoners with mental health problems are being put on a waiting list for treatment , a former therapist has claimed .
East Stirlingshire moved up to fourth in Scottish League One with a comfortable win over Queen 's Park .
A 19-year-old woman has died following a crash in Ballymena , County Antrim .
When people think of Shakespeare , they usually think of Hamlet .
Eurotunnel has apologised after it said it was unable to sell tickets to non-reserved customers .
A fish and chip shop in Londonderry has been badly damaged in a ram-raid .
Mining giant Rio Tinto has raised its target for accepting its takeover offer for Riversdale Mining .
Forfar Athletic moved to the top of Scottish League Two with a 3-0 win over Berwick Rangers .
ITV has confirmed it will continue to broadcast The X Factor and Britain 's Got Talent after the BBC 's The Voice moved to BBC One next year .
The political crisis in Northern Ireland continues to dominate the front pages of Wednesday 's newspapers .
It 's one of the most unlikely partnerships in British film history .
Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe has arrived in Hawaii for a historic visit to the site of the 1941 Japanese attack on the US naval base at Pearl Harbor .
Newcastle United have signed Crystal Palace striker Dwight Gayle and Bournemouth winger Matt Ritchie for undisclosed fees .
One of Scotland 's most famous detectives was born in the Highlands .
A buzzard has been rescued after getting its head stuck in a fence in Flintshire .
Nicola Sturgeon has accused David Cameron of being a  slender and fragile '' prime minister after a Commons vote on hunting was postponed .
US President Barack Obama has urged Donald Trump to reach out to minority groups and women in the aftermath of his election victory .
Lorry drivers are taking illegal drugs to get through long shifts , a BBC investigation has found .
A debate has broken out over the idea that light waves can be used to send data across the electromagnetic spectrum .
A 72-year-old man has been arrested on suspicion of sexual offences by officers from the Metropolitan Police 's Operation Yewtree .
A British man once dubbed the world 's fattest has been granted a visa to travel to the US for weight-loss surgery .
The proportion of former pupils in Scotland going on to education , employment and training has reached a record high , according to new figures .
Two Conservative MPs have been awarded # 100,000 in libel damages after a former UKIP leader claimed they were aware of child abuse in Rotherham .
Plans to create a new district in the Cotswolds could lead to the end of Gloucestershire 's police force , it has been claimed .
Ben Davies scored his first goal for Tottenham as they beat Aston Villa to reach the FA Cup fourth round .
In the wake of the London Bridge and Borough Market attacks , Tony Blair called an early general election .
An investigation into the extent and scale of undercover policing in Scotland has been ordered by the Scottish government .
Barra Airport -LRB- Hial -RRB- is celebrating its 80th anniversary .
Drivers have been warned to take care on the roads as snow and ice continue to cause disruption .
Ealing Central and Acton is one of the most marginal seats in the UK .
A man has been jailed for life for the murder of another man .
Heavy rain has caused flooding in parts of Wales .
A suspected kidnapper in Nigeria has filed a law suit against the police .
A new Caledonian MacBrayne ferry has been launched at Clyde shipyard .
Lee Chung-yong 's late equaliser earned Sheffield Wednesday a point against promotion-chasing Burnley .
The amount of money being spent on consultants doing extra work to meet waiting times targets has increased sharply , BBC Scotland has learned .
Newport Gwent Dragons lock Craig Cudd has signed a new two-year contract with the region .
A charity auction for a lunch date with Apple chief executive Tim Cook has sold for just $ 50,000 -LRB- # 40,000 -RRB- on CharityBuzz .
The family of an Indonesian woman who died after allegedly being poisoned has asked Australian police to investigate her friends .
A couple have put their Gulf War-era Tornado jet up for sale .
The governor of Florida has declared a state of emergency after toxic algae was found in a river .
The African Union -LRB- AU -RRB- has called on African countries to consider withdrawing from the International Criminal Court .
Gwen Ifill , a veteran journalist and co- moderator of two vice-presidential debates , has died at the age of 62 .
Everton manager Roberto Martinez says his side 's FA Cup semi-final hangover has affected their Premier League form .
Lanky , New Zealand 's only permanently resident pelican , has died at the age of 40 .
Oldham is the most deprived town in England and Wales , according to official figures .
Ulster Bank has reported a pre-tax profit of # 40m for the six months to the end of June .
There is no need for a  one-size-fits-all '' approach to dieting , say researchers .
The Republic of Ireland 's children 's minister has apologised to former residents of mother-and-baby homes for the  wrongs '' done to them .
The Ellan Vannin football team have won the ConIFA World Cup in the Czech Republic .
The International Civil Aviation Organization -LRB- ICAO -RRB- has downgraded Thailand 's aviation safety rating .
Heroin with a street value of # 5m was hidden in a speaker , a court has heard .
A cat has been rescued after being trapped in the rubble of a destroyed house in L'Aquila , Italy .
The UK Independence Party -LRB- UKIP -RRB- is hoping to make its first gains in a local election .
Iran 's supreme leader , Ayatollah Ali Khamenei , has said the nuclear deal struck with world powers will not change the country 's policy towards the US .
alaba scored twice as TP Mazembe of the Democratic Republic of Congo beat Bejaia of Algeria 3-1 to win the Confederation Cup on Sunday .
Plans to build a hydro power station near Conwy Falls have been rejected by Natural Resources Wales .
The family of former footballer Jeff Astle are to meet the Football Association 's chairman to discuss the dangers of head injuries .
The outgoing US envoy to the UN , Jonathan Pershing , has said he is confident that the US will honour its commitments to the Paris climate agreement .
Torquay United have been sold to a group of investors -LRB- GI -RRB- for an undisclosed sum .
More than one in 10 students in independent schools in England received extra time for their GCSE and A-level exams last year .
The EU has vowed to press ahead with a controversial trade deal with Canada , known as CETA , despite protests across Europe .
Romelu Lukaku says he is close to signing a new contract at Everton .
Cliftonville manager Gerard Mulgrew is wary of the threat posed by Ards on Tuesday night .
Nick Clegg has accused Labour and the Conservatives of trying to  put the genie back in the bottle '' over TV election debates .
Belgium 's king has come under fire for his Christmas address , in which he compared the economic crisis of the 1930s with the current crisis .
Will Grigg scored twice as Wigan Athletic eased to victory over Blackburn Rovers at the DW Stadium .
Images courtesy of AFP , AP , EPA and Reuters .
A machine that can tell if a Thai dish is good or bad has been launched in the capital , Bangkok .
A man has been charged in connection with the cancellation of the V Festival in Brighton .
The new owners of an engineering firm which went into administration say they have re-employed almost 70 people since taking over .
A  small number '' of patients have been exposed to HIV at a hospital in Cumbria .
Crowds have gathered in Edinburgh for the city 's Hogmanay celebrations .
Leeds moved back to the top of Super League with a hard-fought victory over Salford .
House prices have risen faster in England than in any other part of the UK , official figures show .
Plans for a shake-up of hospital services in Merseyside and Cheshire have been criticised for being  shrouded in secrecy '' .
Senior managers at Manchester City Council are to be given pay rises of up to 10% .
A drug used to treat a type of leukaemia has been shown to be safe and effective in a new study .
A judicial review into plans to build a cycle track in Derby has been granted by the High Court .
The jury in the trial of a man accused of murdering a woman in the Republic of Ireland has retired to consider its verdict .
A number of water voles have been released at a nature reserve in Carmarthenshire .
Two police officers who gave evidence at an inquest into the death of an IRA man in west Belfast are to be reported to prosecutors .
A unisex toilet is to open in the Chinese city of Shanghai , officials say .
Dan Biggar will start for the Ospreys against Grenoble in the European Challenge Cup on Friday .
Manchester United manager Jose Mourinho says Sergio Aguero 's absence from Manchester City 's squad will make Sunday 's derby  difficult '' .
People who are deaf are being discriminated against in the workplace , a charity has warned .
Former Los Angeles Clippers owner Donald Sterling has lost his attempt to block the sale of the team .
Prince William is stepping down from his role as an air ambulance pilot .
The Channel Tunnel is one of the world 's most iconic landmarks .
A crowd-funding campaign to buy software security vulnerabilities from a notorious hacking group has been abandoned .
James Anderson has hit back at Geoffrey Boycott 's criticism of England one-day captain Eoin Morgan .
Union members at London Metropolitan University have voted for strike action in a row over job losses .
Six people have been killed in a balcony collapse in the United States .
More than 50 inmates have escaped from a prison in Papua New Guinea after overpowering guards .
Police in France are hunting for a big cat that has been on the loose since Thursday morning .
Scientists have found a way to stop the devastating spread of cane toads in Australia .
Police officers are making compensation claims against the owners of stolen cars , the BBC has learned .
Injured former paramilitaries should be entitled to a special victims ' pension , the BBC 's Spotlight programme has learned .
A man has died after his car was hit by a train in northern France .
A woman has died after being hit by a car in Greater Manchester .
The route of the Olympic torch relay through the Humber region has been announced .
Golf 's Olympic future could be in doubt if the PGA Tour does not comply with anti-doping rules .
The  chickens have come home to roost '' on social mobility in the UK , according to a government-commissioned report .
Colchester came from behind to earn a point against 10-man Chesterfield .
Five men have been arrested after a girl and her cousin were killed when they were hit by a car in Oldham .
Emergency services were called out after reports of a body in a river .
More than 6.4 million people died from tobacco-related diseases in 2015 , a study has found .
A man has appeared in court charged with the murder of a man whose body was found in a park in Leeds .
A previously unreleased Led Zeppelin session recorded in 1971 has been released for the first time .
England 's Euro 2016 qualification campaign is almost over .
There 's a general election coming up on 8 June , when adults will vote to decide who will run the UK .
Tyler and Cameron Winklevoss have stepped up their legal battle with Facebook founder Mark Zuckerberg .
A new cycling sportive is being held in honour of one of Scotland 's greatest cyclists , Robert Millar .
The number of drug users in Wrexham has been on the rise in recent years , and the town 's mayor says it is time the problem is taken more seriously .
The hard shoulder of the M6 has been reopened following a fatal crash .
Armed police officers are patrolling the streets around the Houses of Parliament following Wednesday 's terror attack .
Bradford City moved up to third in League One with victory over Rochdale .
The death of Jules Bianchi from head injuries sustained in a crash at the 2014 Japanese Grand Prix has left a huge hole in the sport .
Operation Midland , the police inquiry into historical child abuse allegations , has been closed .
A cake based on Hollywood actress Jennifer Lawrence has won gold at a competition in Birmingham .
The Ulster Unionist Party leader is backing a legal challenge to the UK leaving the European Union .
Actor Roger Moore has said he did not want to be compared to Sean Connery when he took over the role of James Bond .
Laura Trott won her second gold medal of the British Track Championships in Glasgow with victory in the women 's scratch race .
The NHS in England is being urged to do more to cut the cost of agency staff .
Luke Molesley 's late winner saw Aldershot beat Portsmouth to reach the fourth round of the FA Cup .
Italian astronaut Luca Parmitano has returned to Earth .
Elections for local councils will be held on Thursday 2 May 2013 .
William Hague has visited Iraq 's autonomous Kurdistan region to discuss the crisis in the country .
A man who killed his ex-girlfriend and her new partner has been jailed for life .
There was a sense of relief in the room .
Britain 's Adam Yates finished third as Peter Sagan won stage five of the Tour of California .
Cannabis with an estimated street value of # 100,000 has been seized in the Isle of Man .
Apple has added extra security measures to its two-step verification system for iCloud accounts .
A memorial service has been held for one of the four men who went missing after their yacht capsized off the coast of America .
At least 19 people have been killed in an attack on a hospital in the Afghan capital , Kabul , officials say .
Former Manchester United and Juventus striker Carlos Tevez has joined Chinese Super League side Shanghai SIPG .
Regulated train fares in England , Scotland and Wales will rise by an average of 3.6% from 1 January , the Rail Delivery Group -LRB- RDG -RRB- has said .
Conservative Ben Houchen has been elected mayor of the Tees Valley .
The whole presence of Rolls-Royce in Derby could be at risk if the company stops investing in research and development , a union official has said .
The aftermath of the bomb attack at the Erawan Shrine in the centre of the Thai capital has been chaotic .
How much would you be prepared to pay to see a rock star perform in your town or city ?
Substitute Frankie Raymond scored a late winner as Dagenham beat York at Victoria Road .
When Mohit Kohli was a student in Delhi , his teacher told him he would never be able to build a robot .
A father killed his baby son by shaking or throwing him , a court has heard .
A police community support officer -LRB- PCSO -RRB- who spied on a violent drug dealer has been jailed for 18 months .
The deportation of a student has been described as  callous '' by the National Union of Students -LRB- NUS -RRB- in Wales .
US Attorney General Loretta Lynch has said the investigation into corruption at Fifa is  not limited '' .
British technical director Paddy Lowe is to leave Mercedes at the end of the season .
More than half of the UK 's beaches do not have lifeguards , figures show .
Britain 's Naomi Shuker won the mixed doubles title at the British Open for the second time .
Flanker CJ Stander says Ireland will not plan any extra protection for Conor Murray in Saturday 's Six Nations game at Murrayfield .
Premiership side Bath have signed two 21-year-old hookers for next season .
Scientists say they may have found a way to slow the spread of cancer .
England 's Tommy Fleetwood lost a play-off to Bernd Wiesberger at the Shenzhen International .
Education Secretary Michael Gove and Home Secretary Theresa May have clashed over the government 's efforts to tackle extremism .
Work has begun to restore a disused Cornish mine that featured in the hit TV series Poldark .
Durham Jets claimed their first win of the T20 Blast campaign with a three-wicket victory over Leicestershire .
The Catholic priest Fr Alec Reid , who was pictured praying over the bodies of two British soldiers murdered by the IRA , has died after a short illness .
Scientists have figured out how to control the fluid dynamics of glass 3D printing .
Anthony Foley once told a story about running over people .
A man has been arrested on suspicion of causing serious injury by dangerous driving after a car crashed into rocks .
Ibrahim Kargbo , a former rebel in Sierra Leone , is one of the world 's leading experts on Ebola .
A US women 's college has removed a professorship named after comedian Bill Cosby , who has been accused of sexual assault .
Former Prime Minister Margaret Thatcher has been named as the UK 's most powerful woman for the first time .
Star Wars fans have been given a new way to communicate - by using The Force .
It 's one of China 's most beloved fairytales .
Firefighters have been called out to homes in Dorset to deal with  fireworks '' set off to control pests , the fire service has said .
Fast bowler Boyd Rankin has announced his retirement from international cricket to return to Ireland .
National League side York City have signed Hull City midfielder Jordan Dixon on loan until the end of the season .
The artist who created The Beatles ' Sgt Pepper album artwork has been honoured by his home city .
A 60-year-old woman from India 's Dalit community has been beaten up by a group of upper-caste women in the western state of Maharashtra .
Twenty-four British athletes took part in London 2012 .
David Cameron should not be considered as the UK 's next Nato secretary-general , a senior Conservative MP has said .
More than 200 jobs could be cut at Southampton City Council .
Members of the RMT union on Virgin Trains East Coast have voted in favour of strike action .
West Ham manager Slaven Bilic says he will keep faith in his players despite their Europa League exit .
Peterborough United manager Grant McCann says his side 's League One play-off hopes are still alive despite a 3-1 home defeat by Southend .
Plans have been lodged for a new student accommodation scheme in Belfast city centre .
A police patrol car has been damaged in an attack in Ballymena , County Antrim .
The sight of children dressed in their pyjamas and  civvies '' in a university campus may not seem like a recipe for success .
Mercedes Formula 1 boss Toto Wolff has had a difficult year , losing world champion Nico Rosberg to Mercedes team-mate Nico Hulkenberg .
A drug that clears the build-up of amyloid in the brain may hold the key to a new treatment for Alzheimer 's disease , say researchers .
A 15-year-old girl is in a critical condition in hospital after being hit by a car in Dundee .
When Vladimir Putin met the leader of France 's far-right National Front , Marine Le Pen , last month , he did not mince his words .
Disney 's live-action remake of Beauty and the Beast has been cleared for release in Malaysia , the country 's censors have said .
Ospreys captain Alun Wyn Jones says it is  disappointing '' that the Welsh Rugby Union and four Welsh regions are yet to agree a new contract .
A dating website for Muslim men and women has been hit by a security breach .
Justice Secretary Michael Matheson is to hold a summit to discuss the impact of Brexit on Scotland 's justice system .
A fin whale has been found dead on a beach in Norfolk .
The US Senate has rejected a Republican plan to repeal and replace former President Barack Obama 's healthcare law .
An investigation has been launched into the use of assembly members ' expenses .
The father of a six-year-old boy shot dead by police in the US state of Louisiana was unarmed , his lawyer has said .
At least 31 students have been killed in a fire at a school in northern Nigeria , officials say .
Crewe Alexandra manager Jim Collins says he tried to sign Manchester United striker Marcus Rashford last season .
Five people have been taken to hospital after a large gorse fire broke out in Devon .
The government is to double the discount it offers social housing tenants to buy their homes , the BBC understands .
North Korea has attempted to launch a mid-range missile but it has failed , South Korean officials say .
Glasgow Warriors director of rugby Mike Blair says the club will be working hard to keep key players at Scotstoun .
Canadian MPs are debating a bill to change the lyrics of O Canada to reflect the country 's progress in gender equality .
England and Northern Ireland are among the best performing education systems in Europe , according to an international study .
Rangers goalkeeper Rob Kiernan has been charged with violent conduct after allegedly punching St Johnstone 's Zander Anderson .
Governors at a Gwynedd school have written to the council objecting to plans for a new campus .
A huge sinkhole has opened up on a golf course in Thailand .
Northern Ireland 's Kris Meeke won his fourth World Rally Championship event of the season after surviving a late crash in Spain .
A new visitor centre and car park have been opened at a nature reserve in Somerset .
China has executed eight men convicted of terrorism offences in the western region of Xinjiang , state media say .
England opener Jason Roy said he was unaware he had become the second highest scorer in one-day international history .
First Minister Arlene Foster has said there are  huge opportunities '' for Northern Ireland outside the European Union .
Labour leader Jeremy Corbyn has said he is  determined '' to lead the party into the next general election .
The Police Federation -LRB- PFNI -RRB- has called for a review of the police ombudsman 's office .
A 25-year-old man has died after crashing during a speedway race in Suffolk .
Atletico Madrid defender Luis says his team-mates fear Barcelona will reach the semi-finals of the Champions League .
Prime Minister David Cameron has said he has secured a  fair deal '' for the UK in his renegotiations with the EU .
People living near a large rubbish fire have said they are worried about their health .
A court in Afghanistan has sentenced a man to death for raping his daughter .
A group of female Muslim clerics in Indonesia have issued a fatwa - or religious ruling - against child marriage .
Saudi Arabia has warned that a decision to allow families of 9/11 victims to sue the country could have a negative impact on international relations .
Former DUP minister Jonathan Bell has said he was suspended from the party for telling the truth '' over the Renewable Heat Incentive -LRB- RHI -RRB- scheme .
Former first minister Alex Salmond has delivered his final speech to the Scottish Parliament .
Former BBC Radio 1 DJ Chris Denning has pleaded guilty to a string of indecent assaults against boys at a disco in the 1960s .
Hearts head coach Robbie Neilson was unhappy with a challenge on midfielder Jack Grimmer during his side 's win over St Johnstone .
The first of eight new Royal Navy frigates to be built on the Clyde will be built next summer , the defence secretary has announced .
A bar which served a cocktail containing liquid nitrogen to a teenager has been fined # 20,000 .
Morecambe manager Jim Bentley has urged his players to keep their feet on the ground after a winning start to the League Two season .
A court in the southern Indian state of Karnataka has remanded in custody a 21-year-old man accused of shooting dead a student and wounding another at a residential school .
Student finance has been suspended at a college in Cardiff amid allegations of fraud .
A man accused of throwing a banana peel at comedian Dave Chappelle during a show in Santa Fe, New Mexico , has pleaded not guilty to two counts of criminal damage to property .
David Cameron is  proud '' of his party 's pledge to fund free school meals for all infant children , Downing Street has said .
Manager Tommy Wright says St Johnstone will take  severe '' action against Danny Foster and Danny Swanson after the pair were sent off in the 1-0 defeat by Hamilton .
The man who led Fifa 's inspection of Qatar 's 2022 World Cup bid has had his ban from all football-related activity cut to two years .
Lewis Hamilton and Nico Rosberg have been warned they face financial penalties if they continue to engage in dangerous driving .
Young people are shunning home ownership in favour of renting , according to council leaders .
A campaign has been launched to find out more about witches ' marks found in England 's medieval buildings .
The UK 's intelligence agency GCHQ has approved five master 's degree courses in cyber security .
The father of a six-year-old girl who drowned at a holiday park said he did not ask if there was a lifeguard , an inquest has heard .
North Korea has claimed it has made  significant progress '' in developing nuclear weapons .
On Saturday , Wolves midfielder Conor Coady will return to Anfield for the first time .
The cost of renting a beach hut on the Dorset coast will be too high for many people to afford , according to an association of owners .
The day after a police officer was cleared of murdering a man in south London , a letter was sent to the police watchdog .
The children of the late US radio DJ Casey Kasem have filed a lawsuit against his widow .
On Monday morning , thousands of people gathered around the launch pad at Cape Canaveral , Florida , to watch the space shuttle Atlantis blast off .
Police in Egypt are carrying out a campaign of sexual violence against detainees , according to Human Rights Watch .
Cornish Pirates have criticised plans to scrap the promotion play-offs in the Premiership .
The 2016 European Championship is taking place in France .
The Met Office has warned of gales affecting parts of north and mid Wales on Monday .
The assembly 's finance committee has said it has received a letter from the finance minister about the Nama Northern Ireland loan sale .
Five men have been arrested after a 19-year-old was shot dead in Birmingham .
Mark Ronson has scored his third UK number one single with Uptown Funk .
The BBC 's News at Ten is to be extended .
Wikileaks has said that it will release more details about the CIA 's cyber-weapons programme .
Mae dyn wedi ei chael yn euog o achosi ei marwolaeth trwy yrru 'n beryglus yn Llys y Goron Caerdydd .
The liquidators of BHS are expected to decide on Monday whether to sell the retailer to a new owner .
Victims of crime in England and Wales would have the right to challenge police decisions not to prosecute them under Labour plans .
Millions of savers are being warned that they may not receive compensation if their bank or building society goes bust .
The Belfast Telegraph is to move out of its current premises in the city centre .
A school has been forced to close for two days because of an outbreak of norovirus .
Michael Doughty 's injury-time equaliser earned Swindon Town a 2-2 draw against Millwall in Mark Williams ' first game in charge .
One of the world 's most famous antique dealers has died .
Scientists believe they have identified the first known source of Ebola - a hollowed-out tree stump in Guinea , where an eight-year-old boy died from the virus .
The unmarked graves of four young girls who were killed by an unexploded shell in Wrexham 100 years ago have been found .
Malaysian police say they have found the body of a prosecutor in an oil drum in a river near the capital , Kuala Lumpur .
Championship side Sheffield Wednesday have signed Leicester City striker Gary Taylor-Fletcher on loan until the end of the season .
Taunton 's long-awaited new road has opened to traffic after a series of delays .
A group of Scottish soldiers are preparing to leave for Afghanistan .
Boys are performing better at A-levels than girls for the first time , figures show .
Premier League and Championship clubs spent a record amount on agents and intermediaries in the 2016-17 season , figures show .
A doctor who falsified clinical trials is to be struck off the medical register , the General Medical Council has said .
A girl is in a critical condition in hospital after being shot in a domestic incident in East Sussex .
A late penalty from Camille Lopez gave France victory over Scotland in the Six Nations opener in Paris .
An armed security contractor with a criminal record was allowed to board a lift with US President Barack Obama , US media report .
Mining giants BHP Billiton and Rio Tinto have agreed a settlement over the deadly collapse of a dam in the Brazilian state of Minas Gerais in 2015 .
French pair Nicolas Mahut and Pierre-Hugues Herbert are considering wearing a special shirt at the ATP World Tour Finals in London in memory of the victims of the Paris attacks .
The US National Security Agency -LRB- NSA -RRB- has been leaking details of its Prism surveillance programme to the media .
Oscar-winning producer Richard Chartoff , who produced the Rocky films , has died at the age of 82 .
Chinese artist Ai Weiwei has said he is making a new work using Lego after the toy company refused to sell him bricks .
US First Lady Michelle Obama is to appear on James Corden 's Carpool Karaoke show .
A second man has been arrested in connection with the alleged abduction of British model Chloe Ayling .
Warrington Wolves beat Widnes Vikings to reach the Challenge Cup quarter-finals .
Leaving the European Union would be a  big mistake '' for the UK , David Cameron has said .
Philippine President Rodrigo Duterte has said he wants to  realign '' the country 's military alliances .
President Hassan Rouhani has been a key figure in Iran 's political life since the revolution in 1979 .
US Secretary of State Rex Tillerson has said there is a  low level of trust '' between the US and Russia .
Fidel Castro , the former Cuban president and communist revolutionary , has died aged 90 .
Benfica thrashed Guimares 5-0 to win the Portuguese league title .
A Ukrainian opposition politician , Volodymyr Kalashnikov , has been found dead in the capital , Kiev .
Northern Ireland 's politicians have been warned that failure to devolve corporation tax could lead to low investment , net emigration and increased unemployment .
Police searching for a missing hillwalker in Snowdonia have found a body .
France 's far-right National Front -LRB- FN -RRB- party leader Marine Le Pen has been accused by the European Parliament of defrauding it out of  more than # 1m .
A rare World War II Spitfire has failed to sell at auction .
The Royal Bank of Scotland has revealed the design of its new polymer 10 note .
A police helicopter was targeted with a laser beam as it flew over Northamptonshire .
Canada has lifted a ban on imports of beef from the European Union -LRB- EU -RRB- , imposed after a case of mad cow disease was found in the country in 2003 .
A flood-prone railway line in Oxfordshire has reopened .
Giannelli Imbula scored on his Premier League debut as Stoke eased to victory at Bournemouth .
A rail firm has been accused of going into  overdrive '' after announcing a live feed of engineering works on the Great Western Main Line .
A man has been arrested on suspicion of attempted murder after a woman was attacked in Lancashire .
In the wake of the attacks in Paris , the BBC has spoken to a number of teachers and students about their experiences .
A former RAF Hercules aircraft has been transported to its new home .
Ireland coach Joe Schmidt expects New Zealand to be  fully loaded '' for Saturday 's rematch in Dublin .
A court in France has ordered the liquidation of the cross-Channel ferry firm SeaFrance .
Three men have been rescued after their fishing boat crashed into a wind turbine .
Nathan Cleverly says his world title fight against Juergen Braehmer could be his last .
Brentford boosted their Championship survival hopes with victory over fellow strugglers Bolton .
Solihull Moors claimed their first National League win of the season with a 1-0 victory at Bromley .
The takeover of Rangers by a consortium led by Dave King has been approved at an extraordinary general meeting -LRB- EGM -RRB- .
Britain 's Andy Lapthorne won his first Grand Slam men 's doubles title with partner Jordanne Whiley at the Australian Open .
Former Rangers midfielder Jon Daly says he would consider a return to Dundee United .
Three rockets have been fired at the Israeli city of Eilat , police say .
The Bolivian government has raised the minimum working age to 14 .
The death of Abu Yahya al-Libi , the leader of al-Qaeda 's Syrian affiliate , Jabhat al-Nusra , is the latest in a series of blows to the jihadist movement .
T in the Park organisers have unveiled a new campsite layout in a bid to improve the experience for fans .
A Scottish peer has been caught on camera praising China 's investment in Tibet .
India batted through the first day of the fourth and final Test against South Africa to reach 221-4 .
Hibernian manager Neil Lennon has been given a two-match touchline ban .
A strike by ferry workers in Calais is causing major disruption to cross-Channel traffic .
Former Prime Minister Tony Blair has said the Labour Party is  in danger of not asking the right questions '' .
President : Filipe Nyusi - Frelimo .
England and Saracens fly-half Owen Farrell has signed a new four-year contract with the club .
Neil McCann has been appointed Dundee manager on a two-year contract .
Steven Woolfe has been ruled out of the contest to succeed Nigel Farage as UKIP leader .
Former England striker Tommy Wright is close to buying a stake in non-league Billericay Town , according to the club 's chairman .
Cardiff City manager Neil Warnock says he was  disappointed '' not to get the job at Aston Villa in the summer .
Plans to extend opening hours at a Hampshire country park have been scrapped .
England were denied victory on the final day of the first Test against Pakistan in Sharjah .
The former leader of Myanmar 's ruling party , Shwe Mann , has met opposition leader Aung San Suu Kyi .
A new clinic to help women who have been raped during pregnancy is being launched at the Royal London Hospital .
Corey Kluber threw a four-hitter as the Cleveland Indians beat the Chicago Cubs 6-0 in game one of the World Series .
Police have praised the behaviour of the public during the annual Guid Nychburris celebrations in Dumfries .
A mother who was stabbed in the chest with her two-year-old daughter in the street has been moved out of intensive care .
Former New Zealand captain Brendon McCullum has signed a one-year contract with Middlesex .
The remains of a Spitfire which crashed in County Monaghan during World War II have been unearthed by archaeologists .
The work and pensions secretary has defended the government 's welfare reforms .
A US student who was left in a coma after being detained in North Korea is in a state of  wakefulness '' , his doctors say .
Shares in oil and gas explorer Premier Oil have surged after the company said its proposed acquisition of German energy firm E.On had been completed .
French energy giant EDF has reported a 1.8bn -LRB- # 1.3bn -RRB- loss for the first quarter of the year .
The number of reported hate crimes in Canada increased in 2015 , according to a new report .
Theatre director Peter Bogdanov says he is  deeply ashamed '' to have been accused of indecency .
A 25-year-old man has been taken to hospital after being shot in the leg in Cardiff .
More than # 1m has been spent on looking for a new cemetery in Oxford , it has emerged .
Actor Geoffrey Hughes has died at the age of 74 , his family has said .
Belfast 's Paddy McComb has beaten Russia 's Vladimir Nikitin at the European Championships in Ukraine .
Chinese police have arrested eight people for spreading  fake information '' about the stock market slump and the Tianjin blasts , the state news agency says .
David Cameron has said there is a  responsibility '' on parents to make sure their children can speak English when they start school .
Salvage teams have begun assessing the damage to the drilling rig Transocean Winner .
Discount retailer B&M has reported a slowdown in sales growth .
Plans for a new school campus in East Ayrshire are to be named after the novelist William McIlvanney .
Nigeria defender Kenneth Omeruo has been ruled out of the Rio Olympics because of a hamstring injury .
Sports Minister Carl N Chuiln has taken control of Sport NI .
A four-year-old girl who was reported missing has been found safe and well , police have said .
A stolen flock of sheep was found to be the offspring of a farmer 's stolen rams , a court has heard .
US comedian Bill Cosby has resigned from the board of trustees at Temple University in Philadelphia .
Sky has apologised after some of its broadband subscribers complained of poor internet speeds .
It was the question which had divided Scotland for centuries .
Ipswich Town have signed striker Liam Moore from Tranmere Rovers for an undisclosed fee and brought in defender Aaron Spence on a free transfer .
Ashley Young says he hopes his form for Manchester United under Louis van Gaal can earn him a recall to the England squad .
The government is considering whether employees should be given a role on company remuneration committees , the BBC understands .
England completed a 3-0 series whitewash over New Zealand with a comfortable victory at Twickenham .
A van Gogh expert has claimed a painting on display in Reading is a fake .
Britain 's Kyle Edmund will take on Serbia 's Janko Tipsarevic in the first match of the Davis Cup quarter-final in Belgrade .
At least 16 people have been killed in a shootout between rival drug gangs in northern Mexico , officials say .
The lawyer for a former Guatemalan military leader, Efrain Rios Montt , has been shot dead .
Russia 's sports minister has dismissed calls for the country 's athletics federation to be banned from international competition .
Jamie Dickens will fight Guillermo Rigondeaux for the WBA super-bantamweight title at the Echo Arena on Saturday .
Britain 's Andy Murray says he is  not nervous '' about getting married .
Rail passengers are being warned to expect widespread disruption next week if a strike by Network Rail workers goes ahead .
Chelsea have agreed a deal to sell Brazil defender David Luiz to Paris St-Germain for a club record # 40m .
Ed Sheeran has played two sets at the Latitude Festival in Suffolk .
The first train has run on a new metro service in the southern Indian city of Chennai -LRB- Chennai -RRB- .
A wildlife charity has called for a ban on discarded fishing lines at a country park after an injured swan was rescued .
Comedian Eddie Izzard has completed a marathon challenge in South Africa to raise money for Comic Relief .
The world premiere of Batman v Superman: Dawn of Justice has been described by fans as  amazing '' .
Nicola Sturgeon has described the UK government 's plan for a temporary customs union with the EU as  nonsensical and ridiculous '' .
Belfast Giants moved level on points with Elite League leaders Cardiff Devils after beating the Capitals 3-0 at the SSE Arena .
A police officer shot a Taser at a petrol-soaked man who then set himself on fire , an inquest has heard .
Germany 's Lufthansa Group is to charge online travel agencies for selling tickets on its own website .
A couple suspected of planning to travel to the Middle East with their children are to be allowed to return home to them , a High Court judge has ruled .
The editor of the French satirical magazine Charlie Hebdo , Stephane Charb , has written a book defending the magazine 's right to publish cartoons .
Iran will not dismantle its Arak heavy-water nuclear reactor until a final deal is signed with China , the country 's nuclear chief has said .
Parents are taking legal action against a council over changes to school transport .
Too many older people living in care homes quickly become institutionalised , according to a report .
Wycombe Wanderers won at 10-man Dagenham & Redbridge in League Two .
Actress Robin Wright has revealed that she was paid the same as her co-star Kevin Spacey , despite playing the same role .
Atheist author Richard Dawkins has welcomed the results of the 2011 census which show fewer people in Wales have a religion .
Former CIA director David Petraeus has said he would serve in Donald Trump 's administration , if asked .
Dundee secured their place in the Premiership 's top six with a comfortable win over Ross County .
Three British men accused of spying in the United Arab Emirates are due to appear in court .
Indian writer Mukherjee is the favourite to win the Man Booker Prize for Fiction .
A North Korean man held in Malaysia in connection with the killing of Kim Jong-nam says he is innocent .
Oxford United and Newport County played out a 1-1 draw at the Kassam Stadium .
National League side Macclesfield Town have signed Dover Athletic striker Shaun Marsh on a two-year deal .
The departure of the boss of Tata Steel 's European operations has left a  path of uncertainty '' , a union has said .
More than half of Scotland 's local authorities have cut their spending on school patrol services , according to new figures .
Emoji flags for Wales , Scotland and England have been approved .
Former England striker Carlton Cole says he is still taking medication to help him with his recovery from a kidney transplant .
Ian Hutchinson has been airlifted to hospital after crashing in the final Superbike race of the Isle of Man TT weekend .
A huntsman has denied claims he shot a fox with a shotgun during a hunt in the Scottish Borders .
Shares of Japanese carmaker Mitsubishi Motors fell as much as 9% on Friday , before recovering slightly .
Jeremy Corbyn has said he wants to scrap the cap on the amount people can claim in benefits .
David Warner hit an unbeaten 109 as Australia drew the third and final Test against the West Indies .
A 21-year-old student was removed from a train at Slough station after police mistook wires in his bag for a bomb .
As the sun sets over the Mourne mountains , a group of volunteers are hard at work repairing ancient stone walls .
A former police community support officer -LRB-PCSO -RRB- has been jailed for having sex with women he met while on duty .
The first victim of the AirAsia plane that crashed into the Java Sea has been buried .
What do you do if you want to be a professional cricketer ?
Goals from Sone Aluko and Tom Cairney secured victory for Fulham at Brentford .
Bradford City eased past non-league Chesham United to reach the third round of the FA Cup .
A man has been charged with indecently assaulting a child .
Leeds United owner Massimo Cellino has told the club 's players that they must live in the city next season .
Direct flights between Dundee Airport and London Stansted are to continue for another two years .
Lincoln Ladies have defended their decision to merge with Notts County Ladies .
JCB , one of the UK 's biggest digger manufacturers , has left the Confederation of British Industry -LRB- CBI -RRB- .
misogyny is to be recorded as a hate crime by a police force .
Exeter head coach Rob Baxter says his side 's poor start to the season was partly to blame for their lack of international call-ups .
Liam Dawson says he is delighted to be back in England 's Twenty20 squad .
Nearly one in five couples in the UK are unhappy in their relationships , a study suggests .
Fast food chain Pret A Manger has said it will pay teenagers who take part in a week-long work experience programme .
An RAF serviceman whose medals were stolen from his car in Lancashire has said he is  overwhelmed '' by the support he has received online .
A dog is recovering after being shot in the head with a crossbow bolt .
Defending champion Jordan Spieth will take a four-stroke lead into the final round of the Masters , with Rory McIlroy five shots off the pace .
A woman who died from blood poisoning should have been diagnosed sooner , a coroner has said .
In case you missed it , here 's a round-up of the week 's technology news .
European Commission President Jean-Claude Juncker has set out plans to redistribute 160,000 asylum seekers across the EU .
The world 's plants and animals could lose up to half of their current habitats by the end of the century .
Lazio have been ordered to play their next two European home games behind closed doors .
Chelsea have signed former Arsenal captain Cesc Fabregas from Barcelona on a four-year deal .
Swansea City head coach Paul Clement says his side must respond quickly to their 4-0 Premier League defeat at Bournemouth .
A student from County Durham has been crowned the UK 's first black model .
When Michael O 'Neill was appointed Northern Ireland manager , he was told he would have to  hitch-hike '' with some German fans .
Delays in discharging patients from hospital are continuing to rise , according to official figures .
Fewer than a quarter of teenagers in the poorest areas of England are taking A-levels in their local schools , analysis suggests .
The government 's counter-terrorism strategy , Prevent , should be reviewed in the wake of the reported death of a London schoolgirl in Syria , an MP has said .
Russian sports minister Vitaly Mutko says it is  high time '' for athletes to retire from international athletics .
A new anti-extremism campaign has been launched in Glasgow following the murder of shopkeeper Asad Shah .
League One side Bristol Rovers have signed midfielders Ryan Sweeney and Dominic Telford on season-long loan deals from Stoke City .
Scotland defender Russell Martin is looking forward to playing his last game for his country when they face France in Metz on Saturday .
The last two weeks of polling in the Scottish independence referendum have been very interesting .
Britain 's Naomi Broady will face Ukraine 's Elina Svitolina in the first round of the Wimbledon women 's singles .
Queens Park Rangers captain Steven Caulker was taken to hospital with a cut to his head , but the club have denied he was involved in an altercation .
A German data watchdog has ordered Facebook to stop sharing its users ' data with WhatsApp .
Women 's Super League side Glasgow Rangers have signed Sunderland midfielder Jess Staniforth and former Arsenal defender Jennifer Sjoman .
Two Polish police officers have been sent to a town where a Polish man was murdered in a suspected hate crime .
A controversial new law in Angola that would have made it a crime to criticise the government on the internet has been abandoned .
Red Bull 's Daniel Ricciardo said he was  miserable '' after his second pit-stop error of the season cost him victory in the Monaco Grand Prix .
Lewis Hamilton dominated the Mexican Grand Prix as Mercedes team-mate Nico Rosberg finished second .
Michael Gove has suggested that the Danish fishing industry could receive preferential access to UK fisheries after Brexit .
Australian police have warned of a  clown purge '' in the state of Victoria , after reports of pranksters dressing as clowns in public .
Sunderland midfielder Emanuele Giaccherini has joined Italian side Fiorentina for an undisclosed fee .
Kenya 's opposition leader, Raila Odinga , has called a general strike to protest against the disputed presidential election .
There 's been a big rise in the amount of dog poo on beaches across the UK .
MPs have voted to raise VAT from 17.5% to 20% .
The sale of Italian football club Parma has been completed .
After two years of writing this blog , I am moving to Hong Kong .
Eastleigh have signed Portsmouth striker Ben Tubbs on a short-term deal .
The US drinks giant Coca-Cola has reported a drop in profits as it grapples with weak demand .
Edinburgh Capitals head coach Craig Johnston admits his team need to start winning if they are to climb the Elite League table .
A new female osprey has laid her first egg at a Perthshire nature reserve .
Families of those killed in the Birmingham pub bombings have been told they can apply for legal aid .
Pakistan 's military says it has carried out air strikes on militant hideouts in the north-west .
TomSka is one of the UK 's biggest YouTube stars , making more than one million viewers a month .
The US has reportedly tried to kill a key al-Qaeda leader in Yemen .
A driver who was stopped by police on the M11 in Suffolk has been praised for her quick thinking .
Britain 's Jamie McDonnell will make the first defence of his WBA world bantamweight title against Argentina 's Julio Rosas on Saturday .
France 's justice minister , Florence Goulard , has resigned .
A swan has been rescued after getting stuck on the roof of a shop in Cardiff .
England 's elite players deserve to be rewarded for their achievements , says players ' union boss Damian Hopley .
It 's one of the most under-diagnosed conditions in the world .
Newcastle Falcons director of rugby Dean Richards says his side 's improvement this season has surprised him .
A cash machine has been stolen in a ram-raid on a supermarket in Oxford .
A takeaway where a 15-year-old girl died after suffering a suspected allergic reaction has been ordered to close .
A woman and her young child were forced into a car and raped , police have said .
Vote Leave , the campaign for the UK to leave the European Union , has launched a competition to predict the outcome of the Euro 2016 football championships .
Charlton Athletic have launched an investigation after AFC Wimbledon manager Karl Robinson was confronted by his own fans following his side 's 1-0 win at The Valley .
Barclays has agreed to pay a further # 150m -LRB- # 100m -RRB- to the US state of New York over the rigging of the Libor interest rate .
A girl who wrote a story about a chimpanzee has won a competition to write a children 's book .
Gary Madine scored his first goal of the season as Bolton beat Sheffield United to reach the EFL Cup second round .
A mental health trust has apologised to the family of a teenage girl who killed herself after being failed by the system , an inquest has heard .
The European Union is to create a single list of tax havens , following the Panama Papers scandal .
Samsung has launched a new Android-powered phone in the UK .
A 42-year-old man who died after being hit by a car in Caerwent has been named by police .
Mesut Ozil says he wants to stay at Arsenal , as the club begin their pre-season tour of Australia .
A piece of coal from the UK 's last deep coal mine has been presented to the Mayor of Doncaster .
-LRB- Close -RRB- : US stocks closed higher on Wednesday , led by gains in industrial and energy companies .
The National Portrait Gallery -LRB- NPG -RRB- has launched a campaign to buy a rare portrait of an 18th Century African in Britain .
Scientists believe they have identified the mysterious clouds in a famous painting .
Irn Bru maker AG Barr is to restart glass bottling at its Moodiesburn plant after cutting 100 jobs .
A British man and a woman have died after their yacht ran aground off the coast of South Africa .
A woman applying for a job in Germany who wears a headscarf is more likely to be rejected than a woman who does not , a study suggests .
Rafael Nadal and Roger Federer will begin their US Open campaigns on Monday night .
A 23-year-old man has been shot dead in Sheffield .
Sport Ireland 's funding for Irish boxing is at risk because of a  deeply divided '' board , says the organisation 's boss John Treacy .
Scientists believe they have identified the source of a legend in China .
Tippi Hedren has spoken publicly for the first time about being sexually harassed by Alfred Hitchcock .
Salford Red Devils have signed New Zealand international forward Tyrone McCarthy from NRL side Cronulla Sharks .
A series of nude photographs taken during Hull 's City of Culture celebrations are to go on display .
A third police officer has been sacked over the "plebgate" affair .
Police in Italy have arrested dozens of people suspected of being members of a mafia clan accused of running an illegal immigrant centre .
A majority of police officers in England and Wales believe morale in the service is low , according to a survey by the Police Federation .
It 's time to vote for your favourite musician .
The UK will not  act in isolation '' in the fight against terrorism , the home secretary has said .
The Nigerian military has offered rewards for information leading to the capture of the leaders of the Islamist militant group Boko Haram .
Tom Latham and Ben Steel hit centuries on the first day of Durham 's County Championship game against Nottinghamshire at Chester-le-Street .
Millions of people around the world have been playing Pokemon Go since the augmented reality game was released last week .
The first high-level talks on Greece 's  86bn -LRB- # 70bn -RRB- bailout have been delayed until next week .
The current El Nino episode is the strongest on record , according to the World Meteorological Organisation -LRB- WMO -RRB- .
Human remains have been found in a wooded area in East Lothian .
Saul 'Canelo ' Alvarez says he will fight middleweight king Gennady Golovkin after beating Britain 's Amir Khan in Las Vegas .
An 18-year-old man has been left with serious facial injuries after being attacked in west Belfast .
Hundreds of people have protested against plans for a new power station in Norwich .
It 's been a year of extreme weather in the UK .
The French honorary consul in the Turkish resort of Bodrum has admitted selling boats to migrants trying to reach Europe .
An improvement notice has been issued to a company after an underground fire at a potash mine in Fife .
Red Bull have ruled out a deal with Mercedes to supply engines for next season .
The proposed Circuit of Wales in Ebbw Vale would have been  well outside the natural agglomeration '' of the motor sport industry , a motor racing circuit owner has said .
Six teenagers have died of carbon monoxide poisoning after a birthday party in a wood-burning hut in southern Germany , police say .
Britain 's Tom Daley failed to win Olympic gold in the men 's 10m platform .
Former prime minister Sir John Major has been accused of  dismissing democracy '' after he called for a second referendum on Brexit .
In the heart of London 's Olympic Park , the Copper Box used to be a training ground for the British handball team .
A Rolls-Royce once owned by the actress Diana Dors has been sold at auction for $ 3m -LRB- # 2m -RRB- .
France has held a national memorial service for the 130 people killed in attacks in Paris on Friday .
Masters champion Sergio Garcia shot a five-under-par 67 to be tied third after the first round of the BMW International in Germany .
When you look at a whale foetus , the first thing that strikes you is the shape .
Markets in Asia were mostly higher on Friday , following a positive lead from Wall Street .
Scotland 's beaches have been rated as some of the best in the world by the World Health Organization .
A medieval bridge has been uncovered more than a century after it was built .
Tim Peake is back on board the International Space Station .
Jake Cassidy 's second-half header earned Hartlepool a 1-1 draw at Macclesfield in the National League .
Ride-sharing firm Uber has said it is losing $1bn a year in China , according to reports .
The disappearance of Malaysia Airlines flight MH370 has led to a deal to improve the tracking of aircraft .
Greece 's new left-wing government has outlined its plans to reform the country 's economy .
An attempt to raise money for a video game was exposed as a fraud by users of Reddit , Something Awful and other sites .
Plans have been submitted to restore two Grade II-listed buildings in Reading to their former glory .
A proposed devolution deal for the Solent region is  dead '' , council leaders have said .
The UK 's competition watchdog has accused the world 's biggest drugmaker , Pfizer , and its distributor , Flynn Pharma , of abusing their dominant position in the market for a cancer drug .
Scientists are sending a robot down to the deepest part of the ocean to find out what life there is .
An inquest into the death of schoolgirl Alice Gross will look at how the man suspected of killing her came to be in the UK , a coroner has ruled .
An Australian author has received an email telling her she has won a $ 1m -LRB- # 700,000 -RRB- literary prize .
League Two side Colchester United have signed Coventry City midfielder Andy Reid on a one-year deal .
What is the European Court of Justice ruling on travelling time ?
A search for a kayaker off the coast of County Down has been declared a hoax .
Thousands of Iraqi Christians have fled their homes after Islamist militants seized the town of Qaraqosh , near the city of Mosul .
Great Britain 's Tom Benson won gold in the men 's triathlon at the European Games in Baku .
Rangers have signed Northern Ireland defender Lee Hodson from MK Dons on a two-year deal .
The Welsh Liberal Democrats have pledged to create 100,000 new apprenticeships if they win power .
The Independent newspaper is to close its print editions in March , its owner has said .
Actor Morgan Freeman is to be honoured with the American Film Institute 's Lifetime Achievement award .
A police officer who saved a man 's life after he fell from the top of a town hall has been honoured for his bravery .
A judge in the US state of Wisconsin has ruled that two girls accused of stabbing a classmate to please the horror character Slender Man will be tried as adults .
Stephen Maguire said he was  embarrassed '' after failing to qualify for the World Championship for the first time .
League One side AFC Wimbledon have signed Millwall defender Jimmy Abdou on a one-year deal .
Former Manchester United manager Louis van Gaal has retired from coaching .
A blogger who raised thousands of pounds for charity after being diagnosed with a brain tumour has died .
A pair of 18th Century Prussian and Russian porcelain cups and saucers have been stolen during a burglary .
England and Wales have accused each other of scrummaging illegally in the Six Nations .
The shoe retailer Brantano has gone into administration .
He was a midfielder who never scored a goal .
Prime Minister Theresa May has written to European Council President Donald Tusk to formally notify the European Union of the UK 's intention to leave .
A tree planted in honour of women who won the right to vote has been named Scotland 's tree of the year .
A new cross-border rail link should be built in the Scottish Borders , according to a new report .
There has been no agreement on a budget for the coming financial year .
The number of children referred to a specialist service for help with gender issues has more than doubled in five years , figures show .
Australian police have arrested a 19-year-old man and a teenage girl in Sydney on terrorism charges .
A council has been criticised for banning cyclists from a market place ahead of the Tour of Britain .
Japan 's Emperor Akihito is considering abdication , reports say .
Thai authorities have cancelled the launch of a report by Human Rights Watch -LRB- HRW -RRB- in Bangkok .
A primary school in Kent has banned pupils from playing the board game Monopoly .
England footballer Adam Johnson has denied child sex charges .
Roger Goodell , the National Football League 's -LRB- NFL -RRB- commissioner , has a lot to live up to in 2015 .
Ospreys back-row forward Taulupe Faletau is fit to face the Scarlets on Boxing Day .
Fabrice Muamba was  dead '' when he collapsed during Bolton 's FA Cup tie with Tottenham , according to his surgeon Dr Jonathan Tobin .
The ousted chairman of India 's Tata Group has launched a scathing attack on the company 's board and management .
An Ohio man has been charged with abducting his son from Alabama 14 years ago , police say .
An Israeli soldier has been killed and another injured by a Palestinian car in the occupied West Bank , the Israeli military says .
A decision on whether to allow fracking for shale gas in North Yorkshire will be made by councillors on Friday .
The idea that a computer in a cloud can be anything but  misty and mysterious '' is a beguiling one .
An exhibition of rare and endangered animals has opened at Windsor Castle .
Newport Gwent Dragons have named their squad for the 2016-17 Pro12 season .
-LRB- Close -RRB- : US stocks closed higher after a report indicated that the US services sector had picked up in June .
A health trust is offering free accommodation to new nurses to help them find a place to live .
The village of Wukan in southern China 's Guangdong province is on the verge of a civil war .
Arcade Fire have headlined the main stage at Glastonbury , hours after the festival was hit by a lightning storm .
Mosques across France are opening their doors to the public in a bid to promote  the values of Islam '' .
A man has appeared in court charged with abducting a woman from east Belfast .
The number of babies born in England with a condition caused by a mother 's drug addiction is rising , figures show .
A man has been arrested on suspicion of murdering a woman in east London .
When I played for Bath in the 1980s and 90s , Leicester Tigers were the dominant force in English rugby .
The National Trust is facing legal action over its refusal to allow shale gas exploration on its land .
The Nelson Mandela Foundation -LRB- NMF -RRB- has urged South Africa 's President Jacob Zuma to step down .
Fifteen unregistered schools are still operating in England , with children being taught in squalid conditions , the schools watchdog says .
A crane has been used to remove drugs from the roof of a prison .
Madonna has revealed the first video from her new album Rebel Heart .
Work has started on a new shopping and leisure complex in Oxford .
Facebook has removed a post on its site claiming that eight people , including a 26-year-old man who was shot in the legs in west Belfast , are on a  hit list '' .
Torquay secured their National League status with victory over North Ferriby at Plainmoor .
Moors Murderer Ian Brady has failed in his bid to move to a Scottish prison .
Oscar-winning actor Matthew McConaughey has volunteered to drive students home from the University of Texas at Austin in the US state .
A 19-year-old woman has been raped after being picked up by a man in a car .
In our series of letters from African journalists , film-maker and columnist Joseph Warungu looks at some of the key events that will shape the continent in 2017 .
Cambridge 's winless start to the League Two season continued with a 2-1 home defeat by Morecambe .
The Conservatives have been accused of  promoting personal attacks '' during the general election campaign .
West Ham have signed Norway midfielder Havard Nordtveit from Borussia Dortmund for an undisclosed fee .
A lifeboat crew member has said he was sacked by the Royal National Lifeboat Institution -LRB- RNLI -RRB- .
The chairman of Sports Direct , Keith Hellawell , has accused critics of the firm of damaging its reputation .
The US justice department is to allow federal agents to record interviews with suspects .
Two north Wales hospitals criticised for poor hygiene standards have improved their ratings .
Homosexuality and discrimination against people of African descent are some of the biggest human rights concerns in Brazil .
On the steps of a church in a suburb of Cleveland , Ohio , a large sign hangs from a pole .
The latest in a series of studies on dark matter has just been published .
The founder of Bristol 's St Pauls Carnival , Carmen Beckford , has died , her son has said .
Northern Ireland 's hospitals have long been criticised for their performance .
The Royal British Legion is asking people to think of younger veterans when they donate to its Poppy Appeal .
A road worker has died after being hit by a car in Devon .
A major search has been carried out after reports of a person in the water close to the Forth Road Bridge .
Justin Gatlin has broken his own world record in the 200m at the Diamond League meeting in Eugene .
France is seeking to destabilise the City of London , according to a senior City figure .
The head of the Pensions Regulator has been asked to explain why plans to overhaul the BHS pension scheme were never approved , Newsnight has learned .
Aberdeen have lost their appeal against Jonny Hayes ' red card in Saturday 's win over Celtic .
A transgender woman has been found guilty of raping a teenage girl .
Roma captain Francesco Totti has signed a new two-year contract with the club .
A nursery worker has appeared in court accused of raping a boy .
Birmingham City captain Paul Robinson has signed a one-year contract extension with the Championship club .
A man jailed for the rape and murder of a 15-year-old girl has gone on trial accused of sexually abusing two young girls .
At first glance , it looks like a homeless man .
Millions of people around the world use WhatsApp to share news and information .
Venezuela 's National Assembly has voted to allow three suspended opposition legislators to return to the chamber .
Pace bowler Jeetan Patel has signed a new one-year deal with Warwickshire .
It would take 28 years to improve the Welsh rail network , Economy Secretary Ken Skates has said .
Barrow manager Paul Cox has been confirmed as the new manager of relegated Hartlepool United .
Full-back Jonny Gray hopes Scotland can build on the progress they have made to reach the top of world rugby .
Manchester City midfielder Patrick Roberts is keen to return to Celtic .
Kevin Pietersen hit his second Twenty20 century of the season as his Dolphins side beat the Knights in South Africa 's Super League .
The UK economy is facing a  period of relatively low growth '' , a report has warned .
In the aftermath of the attack on the Westgate shopping centre in Kenya 's capital , Nairobi , security has been stepped up .
England beat Pakistan by an innings and 88 runs in the second Test at Lord 's to take an unassailable 2-0 lead in the three-match series .
A van driver has admitted causing the death of a man in a crash in Alloa .
She is the daughter of a former prison officer .
A project to mark the 400th anniversary of William Shakespeare 's death has been launched .
Palestinian leaders have welcomed Israel 's decision to dismantle controversial security measures at a holy site in Jerusalem .
Construction work has begun on a new garden centre in Merthyr Tydfil .
Boris Johnson is behaving  irresponsibly '' in the EU referendum campaign , Lord Heseltine has told the BBC .
Uber has agreed to pay $ 5m -LRB- # 3m -RRB- to settle a series of US class-action lawsuits .
Championship side Fulham have signed striker Souleymane Cyriac on loan from Belgian club FC Oostende until the end of the season .
On 26 December 2004 , a 9.1-magnitude earthquake off the coast of Banda Aceh in Indonesia triggered a tsunami that killed more than 230,000 people .
American businessman Frank McCourt has completed his takeover of French Ligue 1 club Marseille .
One of Scotland 's last remaining shipyards could employ up to 1,300 people within five years , its new owner has said .
Brighton eased to a comfortable victory over Bristol City in the Championship .
A woman has admitted stealing # 20,000 from a cancer charity in Londonderry .
Barcelona midfielder Ivan Rakitic has agreed a new five-year contract with the Spanish champions .
There 's a lot going on at the moment .
A video has emerged showing what appears to be a mass killing of Syrian soldiers by rebels .
Manchester City striker Gabriel Jesus suffered a fracture of the metatarsal bone in his side 's 2-2 draw with Bournemouth .
Prime Minister David Cameron has said he is  deeply sorry '' for the loss of life during and after the 2003 Iraq war .
Politicians and commentators have been reacting to the results of the Northern Ireland Assembly election .
Bees and birds that nest later in the year are more likely to decline , a study suggests .
Chelsea manager Antonio Conte says he is  not worried '' about the club 's lack of transfer activity this summer .
A Church of Ireland bishop has said he supports civil same-sex marriage .
Cameroon international defender Benoit Assou-Ekotto has signed for French Ligue 1 side St Etienne .
Imagine being able to control your TV using your mind .
Glen Chapple has been appointed as Lancashire 's new assistant head coach following the departure of Peter Moores .
The Welsh government 's forestry policy is failing to meet the needs of the timber industry , according to industry leaders .
A 10-year-old boy tried to find his mother in the crush at Hillsborough , an inquest has heard .
The UK music industry saw a rise in revenues last year , according to the British Phonographic Industry -LRB- BPI -RRB- .
Scott Durrant has left his position as youth coach at Rangers .
A motorcyclist who died following a crash on the A90 in Aberdeenshire has been named by police .
Searches on Google , Facebook and Twitter can be swept up in the UK without a targeted warrant , the government has said .
The mother of murdered toddler James Bulger has urged the government not to release one of his killers from prison .
A school has cancelled its prom because of  unacceptable pressure '' on pupils to be slim , fashionable and have perfect skin .
Huddersfield Town boosted their Championship play-off hopes with a late win at Burton Albion .
University staff in Wrexham and Cardiff are taking part in a strike in a dispute over pay .
It 's one of the most iconic images in cinema history .
Police are treating the murder of an 82-year-old woman in Fife as murder .
A 29-year-old man has been shot in the legs near a school in west Belfast .
A man has died after being stabbed in the chest in Sheffield .
One of Scotland 's most famous ospreys has returned to the Highlands .
Newcastle United won promotion to the Premier League after beating Barnsley at St James ' Park .
A dentist arrested on suspicion of his wife 's murder has said he is  devastated '' by her death .
Wales scrum-half Rhys Webb has been ruled out of the World Cup through injury .
Police in Sicily have arrested a team of volunteer firefighters accused of faking a 999 call in order to start wildfires .
The UK Independence Party is to announce its new leader on Wednesday , replacing Nigel Farage .
ITV has commissioned a sixth series of Downton Abbey .
Liam Owens scored two tries as Widnes Vikings held on to beat Warrington Wolves .
Japan 's top diplomat has held rare talks with his South Korean counterpart in Seoul .
An international agreement is needed to regulate the oceans , say scientists .
Lionel Messi has donated a signed shirt to help raise money for a double amputee who was hit by a car .
Police are treating a serious assault on a man in West Lothian as attempted murder .
Dover Athletic say they have been granted permission to signGala N'Gala from Gillingham .
A man has died after a two-vehicle crash on the A1 in County Down .
A review of Northern Ireland 's tourism industry has said there needs to be  targeted marketing '' to attract visitors .
A 90-year-old woman facing deportation has been given a temporary reprieve , her lawyer has said .
New Morocco coach Herve Renard has a tough task on his hands as the 2017 Africa Cup of Nations qualifying campaign gets under way .
China 's imports fell sharply in September from a year earlier , as the world 's second-largest economy continues to struggle .
Manager Gary Hackett says Stourbridge 's FA Cup win over Northampton Town was the club 's greatest achievement .
Wales head coach Warren Gatland is capable of leading New Zealand , according to All Blacks assistant coach Darren Brooke .
Rebekah Tiler and Zoe Smith have been named in the Great Britain women 's weightlifting squad for the European Championships in Norway .
Former world number one Caroline Wozniacki beat Sloane Stephens to reach the Rogers Cup final .
A new vein of Blue John has been discovered in the Peak District .
A great-grandfather who escaped from custody 40 years ago has been jailed for four years for escaping from lawful custody .
Pregnant women should be aware of the risk of contracting malaria while abroad , say doctors .
There are a lot of children who need to go to hospital .
Great Britain 's Andrew Davies , Sophie Hermitage and David Weir won gold at the IPC Athletics European Championships in Rome .
Arsenal Women have extended their deal to play at Boreham Wood 's Meadow Park until 2021 .
A left-wing party says it is ludicrous '' to refer to its supporters in the Labour leadership contest as entryists '' .
Tom Hiddleston has apologised for his  mistake '' at the Golden Globe Awards .
An Irish man has been shot dead while on holiday in Spain .
A search is under way for the remains of a medieval village which was lost to the sea in Gower .
A scheme to help unemployed young people in Wales has been temporarily closed .
A man has appeared in court charged in connection with the death of a 15-year-old girl .
Hull City defender Curtis Davies is available after suspension .
The time has come to consider de-criminalising cannabis , a former senior police officer has said .
The Rohingya are one of the world 's most persecuted minorities .
Ireland 's Paddy Barnes has won gold in the men 's flyweight division at the European Boxing Championships in Kiev .
Gloucester City Football Club -LRB- GCFC -RRB- has announced plans for a new stadium .
Burundi 's ruling party has won a majority of seats in parliamentary elections criticised by the United Nations .
The US economy added fewer jobs than expected in May , but the unemployment rate fell to a 15-year low .
Wigan Warriors have been fined # 20,000 for the way they played their Super League game against Widnes on 5 February .
Former world champion Steve Davis has been knocked out in the first round of World Championship qualifying .
Calls for a public inquiry into the so-called Battle of Orgreave during the miners ' strike have been rejected by the Home Office .
Nigeria 's military says it has freed about 100 hostages held by Islamist militant group Boko Haram in the north-eastern Borno state .
Donald Trump has accused his Democratic rival Hillary Clinton of being  abusive '' to women .
Sweden 's Henrik Stenson retained his PGA Tour title with victory at the CareerBuilder Challenge in California .
The former manager of a Lincolnshire GP surgery has been jailed for 18 months for stealing # 43,000 from the practice .
Councils in England should sell off some of their most expensive social housing , the prime minister 's official spokesman has said .
Spain 's Jon Rahm won his first PGA Tour title at the Farmers Insurance Open in California .
Football 's rule-makers have voted to ban players from revealing any political , religious or personal slogans .
For decades , inheritance tax -LRB- IHT -RRB- has been the preserve of the wealthy .
Liverpool defender Joel Matip is a doubt after limping off in the defeat by Crystal Palace .
Scottish Women 's Premier League side Hibernian Ladies reached the last 16 of the Scottish Cup with a 2-0 win over Queen 's Park .
Wales full-back Leigh Halfpenny has been ruled out of the World Cup with a serious knee injury .
Barrow manager Paul Cox has left the National League club by mutual consent .
Green Day have said they are  devastated '' after a concert in Glasgow was cancelled due to heavy rain .
Mamelodi Sundowns coach Pitso Mosimane says he is confident his team can overturn a 2-0 first leg deficit to beat Kampala Capital City Authority -LRB- KCCA -RRB- and defend their African Champions League title .
Police in China have arrested two men who allegedly added Viagra to the country 's most popular spirit , baijiu .
The Scottish government 's plans to introduce minimum pricing for alcohol have been the subject of a series of legal challenges .
Partick Thistle have agreed a deal to sign midfielder Chris Erskine from Dundee United , with Barry Bannigan set to leave Firhill .
The US Navy has banned alcohol from its bases on the Japanese island of Okinawa after a sailor was arrested on suspicion of drink-driving .
Steven Naismith scored his first goal of the season as Everton began their Europa League campaign with a convincing win over German side Wolfsburg .
HSBC has appointed the head of Asian insurance giant AIA , Paul Tucker , as its new chairman .
A worker was contaminated with radiation from torpedo tubes at the Devonport naval base , it has emerged .
It 's that time of the year where we say goodbye to 2016 and hello to 2017 .
A man who tried to smuggle heroin into a prison has been jailed for four years .
A look back at some of the top entertainment stories over the past seven days .
Police investigating the rape of a woman in Glasgow have appealed for witnesses .
A loyalist bonfire has been lit in south Belfast .
Two schools in the US state of Virginia have been closed after parents complained about a geography lesson .
Keaton Jennings hit a fine century for Durham before Graham Onions struck twice to put Somerset in control at Chester-le-Street .
People are being invited to see plans for a multi-million pound redevelopment of Bath 's Quadrant shopping centre .
The cost of holidays during the school summer holidays has been a hot topic since the start of the year , with many parents complaining they are being  priced out '' of the market .
So-called Islamic State -LRB- IS -RRB- has said it was behind a suicide attack on a Shia shrine in the Iraqi town of Balad , which killed at least 20 people .
Domino 's Pizza says it has seen a  massive increase '' in online orders in the UK last year , helping to boost profits .
The sister of a County Tyrone teenager who was murdered and dismembered has called on the prison service to tell them when the killer is due for release .
An Iranian couple who were among the first refugees to be resettled in Cambodia have left the country .
Aberdeen City Council has approved a  balanced '' budget for the next financial year .
Bristol City manager Lee Johnson has confirmed the club have held talks with former Watford defender Joel Ekstrand .
League Two side Luton Town have signed Birmingham City midfielder Ross McCormack on a two-year deal .
A levy on late-night drinking in Liverpool city centre has been rejected by councillors .
Great Britain 's men 's basketball team will play Greece at the Copper Box in London on Saturday .
The prime minister has defended the government 's refusal to guarantee the rights of EU nationals in the UK .
Jason Derulo has revealed he was suffering from severe depression before appearing on Strictly Come Dancing .
US President Barack Obama has called for the world to take in a record number of refugees .
What drove Andreas Lubitz , the co-pilot of the Germanwings plane which crashed into the French Alps , to kill himself and the 150 people on board ?
Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe has said he has  great confidence '' in US President-elect Donald Trump after meeting him .
Umpire Paul Reiffel has been ruled out of the second Test between India and England in Mumbai after suffering a concussion .
A new genetic test has been developed to help diagnose inherited heart conditions , the British Heart Foundation has said .
A care home in Birmingham has been criticised for the way it treats its residents .
A Danish court has sentenced a man to 18 months in jail for selling private information to a tabloid magazine .
Police in Bangladesh have named the six men who carried out Saturday 's deadly attack .
US manufacturing growth slowed in June , according to a closely-watched survey .
An 80-year-old man is in a critical condition in hospital after being hit by a car in Manchester .
A planned strike by Tata Steel workers in the UK has been called off after the company agreed to changes to its pension scheme .
A man has died after getting into difficulty in the sea off the Aberdeenshire coast .
The UK 's fertility regulator has approved gene editing in human embryos , the BBC has learned .
The District of Columbia and Maryland are suing US President Donald Trump over claims he is violating the constitution by accepting payments from foreign governments through his hotels .
Chelsea manager Jose Mourinho is set to sign a new contract with the Premier League champions .
A British engineer has built a robot that can walk on a fuel tank .
Three Scottish soldiers killed in an explosion in Afghanistan were unlawfully killed , an inquest has concluded .
The BBC 's Victoria Derbyshire programme is warning people about the dangers of email scams .
Temporary power provider Aggreko has agreed to buy US-based Dryco , a heating and cooling specialist .
The Belfast Giants have signed six players for the upcoming Elite League season .
Dundee manager Paul Hartley said he was  grateful '' for the speculation linking striker Kane Hemmings with a move away from Dens Park .
An 87-year-old woman from the Highlands is to be deported from Australia after her family failed to meet visa rules .
A white police officer has pleaded not guilty to shooting a black teenager 16 times in Chicago in 2014 .
Gary Neville 's Valencia side suffered a fifth successive La Liga defeat as Antonio Sanabria 's penalty earned Athletic Bilbao a 1-0 win at the Mestalla .
Two teenagers have died in a two-car crash in Cumbria .
An international tribunal 's ruling on the South China Sea has sparked a flurry of reaction in China .
The life of Marvel co-creator Stan Lee is to be turned into a film .
The Brexit Secretary , David Davis , has said that the issue of the Irish border should not be separated from a trade deal with the EU .
Three teenagers have appeared in court in the US state of Oklahoma over the fatal shooting of an Australian student .
A woman who added her middle name to her passport has been told it has been cancelled .
The Scottish government has set up a task force to try to secure the future of the country 's steel industry .
Boris Johnson has been one of Donald Trump 's fiercest critics .
The BBC has signed a new four-year deal to broadcast the Diamond League .
The Irish actor Frank Lally has died at the age of 74 .
Britain 's Vodafone has won a long-running legal battle with the Indian government over a tax dispute .
Referee Kevin Friend has been ruled out for the rest of the season after collapsing in the dugout during Bournemouth 's win over Southampton .
Human body parts have been found in a mass grave in Kenya 's western region of Laikipia .
India 's Prime Minister Narendra Modi has said 500 and 1,000 rupee notes will no longer be legal tender from midnight .
Each day we feature a photograph sent in from across England - the gallery will grow during the week .
Donald Trump campaigned on a series of campaign promises .
Leigh Centurions have appointed former St Helens assistant coach Keiron Cunningham as their new head of rugby .
Two men have died in a crash on the A713 in Ayrshire .
Bath secured their first Premiership win of the season with a bonus-point victory at bottom club London Irish .
The new owners of Bradford Bulls have been granted membership of the Rugby Football League .
A World Cup winner 's medal awarded to Brazil 's Pele has been sold at auction in New York for # 100,000 .
The number of visitors to a sculpture of ceramic poppies in York has more than doubled since it was unveiled .
Wayne Rooney 's plan to build a house with a kitchen in the shape of a flower has been approved by councillors .
Four people have been killed in an attack on a police station in China 's restive western region of Xinjiang , officials say .
Charley Hoffman slipped to a share of the lead with Sergio Garcia and Rickie Fowler after the second round of the Masters at Augusta .
Guy Martin has said he has no plans to retire from road racing despite his Honda team withdrawing him from the Ulster Grand Prix .
Chancellor Philip Hammond and Prime Minister Theresa May have said they will  still be neighbours '' after the general election .
Human rights group Amnesty International has accused world leaders of adopting a  dehumanizing agenda '' .
Thousands of miners in South Africa are on strike over pay and conditions .
Disney is one of the world 's biggest entertainment companies .
Batsman Stephen Cook has been included in South Africa 's squad for the fourth Test against England in Cape Town .
Salford Red Devils have signed hooker Jamie Hood on a two-year deal .
Britain 's Sarah Murray recovered from a poor start to reach the final of the women 's 50m freestyle at the European Championships .
Gunmen have opened fire and set fire to the offices of two pro-government newspapers in Istanbul , police say .
John Keatings has joined Dundee United from Hibernian on a two-year deal .
Aston Villa striker Andre Ayew has been charged by the Football Association after allegedly confronting Watford fans during Saturday 's 2-2 draw .
Scarlets secured their first win of the season with a bonus-point victory over Cardiff Blues at the Arms Park .
The Russian military has blamed Turkish troops for an air strike in northern Syria that killed four of its pilots .
Shares in China 's Weibo , the country 's most popular micro-blogging site , have soared in their first day of trading .
Salford Red Devils have re-signed half-back Rangi Chase but have released Gareth Fages , Ben Hansen and Chris Paterson .
The world 's biggest horse race , the Grand National , takes place on Saturday .
The chief constable of South Yorkshire Police has said he is  profoundly sorry '' for the way the force failed the victims of the Hillsborough disaster .
The Pentagon says it is considering sending US Army whistleblower Pte Chelsea Manning to a civilian prison to receive treatment for her gender identity disorder .
A woman has died after being hit by a bus at a Translink depot in Belfast .
A bus carrying Egyptian pilgrims has crashed in Saudi Arabia , killing at least 19 people , Egypt 's state news agency says .
Disney has announced plans for a sequel to its hit animation Frozen .
The European Space Agency -LRB- Esa -RRB- has decided to delay its mission to Mars until 2018 .
Britain 's Johanna Konta reached the quarter-finals of the Monterrey Open with a straight-set win over Varvara Lepchenko .
The crew of two fishing boats have been rescued after they ran aground in a harbour in Devon .
Andy Murray has criticised the Lawn Tennis Association -LRB- LTA -RRB- for  wasting his time '' .
Defending champions Great Britain will face Argentina in the Davis Cup quarter-finals at Queen 's Club .
The chairman of the Irish parliament 's finance committee has said it is  disappointing '' that the finance minister has yet to respond to a request to appear before it .
Pop star Laura Mvula admits she 's  naturally terrified '' about performing live on TV .
The number of animal cruelty complaints and prosecutions has fallen in Wales , according to the RSPCA .
The annual rate of UK house price growth rose to 8.5% in the year to March , according to official figures .
More than 1,000 schools in England are in debt , according to government figures .
Boris Johnson has urged rival groups campaigning for the UK to leave the EU to  hold their fire '' .
Northampton Town midfielder Gabriel Obertan has left the club by mutual consent because of his commitments to the Democratic Republic of Congo .
Rangers came from behind to beat Aberdeen at Pittodrie .
Star Wars fans are being given the chance to learn the art of lightsaber combat .
A theatre producer has been jailed for four years for defrauding public money out of more than # 100,000 .
The father of Formula 1 driver Jules Bianchi says he is  less optimistic '' about his son 's recovery nine months after he suffered severe head injuries in a crash in Japan .
A 91-year-old man has been reunited with his former bandmates .
Owen Smith has said he is entering the Labour leadership contest because he wants to  heal '' the party .
A man has been arrested in connection with the disappearance of Swansea man David Warburton .
A woman has been selling poppies for 75 years .
A fire has broken out on a ferry travelling from the Spanish island of Mallorca to Valencia .
Police are investigating after a car crashed into a wall in Dundee .
Tranmere came from behind to thrash Dover 4-1 at the Crabble Athletic Ground .
The mother of a British man who admitted trying to shoot and kill US President-elect Donald Trump has said he is  terrified '' about his sentence .
John Bercow 's office is on the second floor of the Palace of Westminster .
A US appeals court has ordered the release of Brendan Dassey , whose case was featured in the Netflix documentary Making a Murderer .
Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump has called Senator Lindsey Graham 's phone number .
Great Britain 's women 's hockey team have been named for the Rio Olympics .
Glamorgan struggled with the bat against Kent in the One-Day Cup at Canterbury .
A woman has been cleared of having sex with a 15-year-old boy .
Scotland 's Deputy First Minister John Swinney has warned that the Scottish government faces  tough choices '' in its forthcoming budget .
Donald Trump has been elected as the 45th president of the United States .
Welsh boxer Joe Cordina says he is considering turning professional .
A toddler was beaten to death by her legal guardian , a court has heard .
A number of bids have been received for four Royal Navy frigates being sold as scrap , the BBC understands .
When the US Federal Communications Commission -LRB- FCC -RRB- announced plans to allow internet service providers to charge content providers for faster access , the internet was abuzz .
Life expectancy for men has been rising faster than for women for decades .
A prehistoric underwater forest has been discovered off the coast of Norfolk .
A 25-year-old man has been charged after a car was keyed in west Belfast .
Convicted domestic abusers are to be offered counselling to help them avoid re-offending .
Education Secretary John Swinney has said there are  real challenges '' in recruiting teachers .
North Korea is holding local elections on Sunday , which are widely seen as a formality for the country 's leader , Kim Jong-un .
A bus driver has appeared in court charged with causing the death of a woman by careless driving .
Michel Temer has been sworn in as Brazil 's interim president after the Senate voted to impeach and suspend Dilma Rousseff .
Plans for a  smart '' motorway on the M40 in Berkshire have been submitted to the government .
Cult cop film Lethal Weapon is to be turned into a TV series .
A Turkish court has begun hearing the trial of 21 people accused of negligence over a mine disaster that killed 301 people .
An MP has said he takes responsibility for a council 's decision to give a football club a # 10.25m loan .
Truro City manager Lee Hodges says he is  frustrated '' after his side were relegated from the National League South .
Bilkis Bano , a Muslim woman from the western Indian state of Gujarat , was gang-raped and murdered during the 2002 anti-Muslim riots .
Tributes have been paid to 19-year-old footballer Zoe Tynan , who died after being hit by a train .
UKIP leader Nigel Farage has accused the Conservatives of being  wilfully dishonest '' over immigration .
A collection of prams , toys and memorabilia has been sold at auction .
Plans for a memorial to the former Devonshire and Dorset Regiments have moved a step closer .
A football fan has been found guilty of punching Crystal Palace 's Kayla the Eagle during a match at Selhurst Park .
Police in Australia are investigating the murder of a prominent criminal lawyer .
Somalia 's Islamist militant group al-Shabab has rejected an amnesty offer by President Mohamed Abdullahi Farmajo .
Manager Nigel Clough says Burton Albion 's promotion to the Championship is a  frightening '' prospect .
A university has been awarded funding to conserve notebooks belonging to poet Edward Thomas .
A 15m fund to boost culture and tech in the north of England has been announced by the government .
As the dust settles from the general election campaign , it 's time to look ahead to the next one .
Heavy rain and flooding have hit parts of the UK over the last few days .
Graeme McDowell has a habit of saying what he wants to hear .
Virtual reality technology has been shown off at the CES tech show in Las Vegas .
Scientists have discovered how birds fight off a deadly fungus .
Twenty air ambulance charities across the UK are to receive a share of # 5m , it has been announced .
The BBC 's director general has accused the Iranian authorities of  increasing levels of intimidation '' against BBC Persian staff .
The Ulster-Scots language has long been regarded as an important part of Northern Ireland 's cultural heritage .
Liverpool maintained their unbeaten start to the season with a comfortable victory over Leicester City at Anfield .
A judge has ordered genetic tests to be carried out on six people with claims to be relatives of the singer , Prince , who died in April .
India has condemned the death sentence given to its former navy officer by a military court in Pakistan .
Apple has warned that sales of its iPhone will fall in the next three months .
Three people have been rescued after a boat capsized in the River Ness in Aberdeenshire .
An extra 4.2m has been pledged by the Welsh government to help repair flood defences damaged during the winter storms .
Chester eased to victory over Dagenham and Redbridge in the National League .
Moody 's , one of the main credit rating agencies , has warned that it may cut its rating on the UK .
Match reports from the second round of the World Championship in Sheffield .
Low interest rates are  disappearing '' from people 's savings accounts , according to pensioners .
Scotland centre Mark Fife is among eight players to leave Edinburgh at the end of the season .
A photographer has been fined for taking a picture of a Ferrari in the Mews car park in west London .
The case for raising interest rates is  some way from being made '' , Bank of England chief economist Andy Haldane has said .
Teenagers in Northern Ireland are more likely to be happy with their lives than those in England , Scotland and Wales .
A man who carried out an armed robbery at a post office in South Lanarkshire has been jailed for five years .
Radical preacher Anjem Choudary has been jailed for 10 years for encouraging support for so-called Islamic State .
The developer of Swansea 's proposed tidal lagoon has accused Natural Resources Wales -LRB- NRW -RRB- of  grossly misleading '' claims about its impact on fish .
The bodies of three people have been found in the rubble of two buildings that were destroyed in a gas explosion in New York City , officials say .
Public hearings into allegations against the late Lord Janner have been delayed until March 2017 .
On Sunday , voters in Hong Kong go to the polls for the first time since last year 's pro-democracy protests .
The French interior minister , Bernard Cazeneuve , is to sue a policewoman who said she was ordered to cover up the presence of national police at the scene of the Nice attack .
Gillingham manager Peter Taylor says he would understand if chairman Paul Scally sacked him .
Prime Minister David Cameron has laid a wreath at an Anzac Day service in central London .
Bayern Munich boss Pep Guardiola said his side 's emphatic Champions League semi-final victory was  the most important game '' of his career .
A  giant teddy bear '' has been left in a recycling bin in Surrey , the county council has said .
An Israeli planning committee has postponed a vote on approving hundreds of new homes in Jewish settlements in East Jerusalem .
All crew members on Northern Isles freight vessels will be paid at least the minimum wage , the Scottish government has confirmed .
A former loyalist paramilitary has handed over tapes of interviews he gave to an American university .
Civil servants have been asked to help at UK borders during a planned strike , the BBC has learned .
Doctors and campaigners have urged the House of Lords to back a bill to lower the legal drink-drive limit .
Tata Steel is to mothball some of its steelmaking operations in Newport , the company has confirmed .
A man 's body has been found by police searching for a missing man .
Barrow manager Paul Cox says striker Lee Cook has rejected offers from clubs in the National League .
Cornish Pirates trio Tom Pope , Ben May and Laurence Moyle have all signed new two-year contracts with the club .
MPs have rejected an attempt to amend the same-sex marriage bill to allow heterosexual couples to enter into civil partnerships .
The government of Indian-administered Kashmir has banned lavish weddings in the state .
Police have seized drugs with an estimated street value of # 100,000 during a six-week operation in Belfast .
Researchers in the US have identified chemicals in sweetgrass that repel mosquitoes .
A World War One stained glass window at a church in south Wales has been damaged by lightning .
Liverpool defender Alberto Moreno is a transfer target for Spanish giants Real Madrid .
Mae rheithgor ysgol yn cael eu rhoi ar rota ac yn gwarchod gwahanol ardaloedd yn unol  gofynion .
A group of school principals in Belfast are to write to the Lord Mayor asking for support in fighting proposed cuts to education .
Two people have been arrested after a four-year-old girl was seriously injured in a dog attack .
Marcus Trescothick made his second double century of the match but Somerset 's batsmen struggled on day three against Nottinghamshire at Trent Bridge .
Ghana 's government has admitted that a contract to rebrand public buses with portraits of the country 's founding fathers was  not value for money '' .
As the 100th anniversary of the start of World War One is marked , BBC News takes a look at the life of the first British soldier to die fighting Germany .
Josh Strauss says the Scotland players want to give Vern Cotter a  good send off '' in his final match as head coach .
President : Alassane Ouattara .
Two astronauts have carried out the first spacewalk of their mission to the International Space Station .
Crawley Town have signed Dutch striker Lex Verheydt from Eredivisie side Maastricht for an undisclosed fee .
A Scottish-made bagpipes have been played in space by an astronaut on board the International Space Station .
St Johnstone moved up to third in the Scottish Premiership after holding Rangers to a draw at Ibrox .
Somalia 's 22-year-old public works minister has been shot dead by security forces , officials say .
A toddler died after his mother forgot to take him out of the car , an inquest in Australia has heard .
The former head of the US Central Command , General David Petraeus , has told the BBC that Islamic State -LRB- IS -RRB- is a  formidable enemy '' .
Russian newspaper Novaya Gazeta has rejected calls for retribution after it reported that Chechens were being detained and tortured for being gay .
The Metropolitan Museum of Art , one of the world 's most famous museums , is being sued over claims it misleads visitors into thinking they must pay full price for admission .
A Post Office worker suffered a serious head injury during an armed robbery in Hawick .
British number one Heather Watson has parted company with her coach Alberto Veronelli .
Taylor Swift is one of the biggest artists on Spotify .
Strictly Come Dancing 's Ola Jordan and Big Brother 's Sally Bercow are among the celebrities lined up for the second series of The Jump .
Sudan 's President Omar al-Bashir has announced his first cabinet reshuffle since taking office .
Manchester City manager Pep Guardiola says midfielder Samir Nasri is overweight .
Blackburn Rovers defender Hope Akpan has been banned for three games for violent conduct .
Members of Australia 's Olympic swimming team have admitted taking the prescription drug Stilnox during a bonding exercise before the Games .
England 's Luke Donald is one shot off the lead after two rounds of the Tournament of Champions in Hawaii .
The Funding for Lending Scheme -LRB- FLS -RRB- was introduced by the Bank of England in September 2009 .
More than 1,000 people have signed a petition against plans for up to 500 homes in a Leicestershire village .
The leader of South Africa 's main opposition party , the Democratic Alliance -LRB- DA -RRB- , has announced she is to step down .
One of Scotland 's busiest railway stations is to close for six months for major engineering work .
Islamic State -LRB- IS -RRB- militants have clashed with Kurdish forces defending the Syrian town of Kobane , near the Turkish border .
A former health board boss has criticised the Welsh government 's policy on cancer drugs .
Leicester City striker Jamie Vardy has been named on the 23-man shortlist for the Fifa World XI .
A shop owner has urged shoppers to stop buying sweets for his pet bulldog .
Bobby Macphee is proud to be part of Northern Ireland 's first qualifying campaign for a major tournament , but admits he is disappointed his native Scotland will miss out on Euro 2016 .
A hospital trust in Kent has been placed in special measures after inspectors found staff shortages .
Every year , keepers at London Zoo count the animals .
A councillor has accused an MP of hypocrisy after he criticised the opening of a Coca-Cola sweet shop in Leicester .
Police have released CCTV images of a man they want to speak to in connection with a burglary at a house .
Former Israeli President Shimon Peres has died at the age of 93 .
Egypt 's Islam El Shehaby refused to shake the hand of Israel 's Ehud Sasson in their men 's -66kg judo quarter-final .
West Brom striker Saido Berahino has been given a 12-month driving ban after admitting drinking and driving .
The partner of Scottish boxer Michael Towell has said he suffered  severe bleeding and swelling to his brain '' during his fight .
There is  no threat '' to law-abiding EU citizens in the UK , the leader of the Welsh Conservatives has said .
Two disabled women have taken the government to court over delays in paying their disability benefits .
An action plan to promote walking and cycling in Wales has been published .
It 's the latest discovery from the Cassini spacecraft .
Former world player of the year Marta has joined Women 's Super League side Orlando City .
Hamilton moved off the bottom of the Premiership with a comfortable win over Inverness Caledonian Thistle .
Belfast is enjoying a boom in cruise ship tourism .
Joe Hockey has been appointed as Australia 's new ambassador to the United States .
A US airman who was injured in a foiled terror attack on a train in August 2015 has been awarded France 's highest honour .
A County Tyrone pensioner who was shot in the head in Africa has said she wants to help free an innocent man .
A technical glitch on the Nasdaq stock exchange has caused shares in a number of technology companies to fall sharply .
A water company has launched a new tariff aimed at helping its poorest customers pay their bills .
Liberal Democrat leader Nick Clegg has announced plans for a  Young Person 's Bus Pass '' to help young people get from A to B .
She 's one of the world 's biggest pop stars , and it 's fair to say there 's been a lot of talk about her lately .
Four men have been arrested by the North East Counter Terrorism Unit on suspicion of terrorism offences .
Lloyds Banking Group has announced plans to close 100 branches across the UK .
Hundreds of people have taken part in a cheese race in Shaftesbury , Dorset .
A road which was closed after a landslide on the Isle of Wight is to be resurfaced .
The world 's top poker players are taking on artificial intelligence in a tournament in the US .
Britain 's relationship with the United States has always been a complicated one .
Match report to follow..Continued below ..
Anthony Scaramucci has resigned as White House communications director after just 10 days in the job .
England 's preparations for Euro 2016 suffered a setback as the Netherlands came from behind to win at Wembley .
A charity set up in memory of a teenager who was stabbed to death is to close after 16 years .
Two men have been arrested on suspicion of terrorism offences .
A man has been arrested by police investigating the London Bridge attack a week ago .
Peter Whittingham is in talks with Cardiff City over a new contract .
A health board has urged people to stay away from accident and emergency departments in Carmarthenshire .
The iconic Aquascutum trench coat has been put up for sale .
Jonny Evans scored a stoppage-time winner to give West Brom a dramatic victory over 10-man Stoke .
All mammals are sensitive to flashes of light emitted by power lines , according to scientists .
Japanese engineering giant Hitachi has announced plans to build two new nuclear power plants in the UK .
Sinn Fin 's Gerry McCann has said the attorney general , John Larkin , should resign .
Ten thousand people a year are dying from animal tuberculosis , experts say .
Two former employees of a boys ' school have been charged with historical child abuse offences .
MSP Margo MacDonald has launched her new bid to legalise assisted suicide in Scotland .
Plans for a  multi-million pound '' lakeside retail development have been approved by planners .
Human remains found in a New Mexico river have been identified as a missing treasure hunter .
Four of the UK 's most iconic seaside piers have been put up for sale .
The final list of candidates for the Northern Ireland Assembly election has been published .
France is to extend its military mission in Mali for another year , its defence minister has said .
A High Court judge has found two men liable for the Omagh bomb attack .
Police are investigating after a woman was sexually assaulted in a park in Aberdeen .
A 16-year-old boy has been charged with causing death by dangerous driving after a pedestrian was hit by a car in Manchester .
South Africa 's governing African National Congress -LRB- ANC -RRB- has condemned a cartoon depicting President Jacob Zuma as a  devil '' .
A former airfield used as a military base during World War One has been given listed status .
Ian Cameron, the father of Prime Minister David Cameron , has died at the age of 83 .
Thousands of Kenyan doctors and nurses have gone on strike in the country 's public hospitals in a row over pay .
Prof Stephen Hawking has warned that the human race faces a  near certainty '' disaster in the next thousand or ten thousand years .
Actress Joan Collins tweeted that she was  a rested '' actress , but it was not her .
A lorry driver has been taken to hospital after crashing into a church in Swansea .
An 87-year-old man who got lost on his mobility scooter has been rescued by police .
John McEnroe has warned Australia 's Nick Kyrgios that his career could be over if he does not improve .
A man who raped a woman in Cardiff city centre has lost an appeal against his sentence .
Uganda 's President , Yoweri Museveni , has said he will not sign a controversial bill banning gay sex .
The government is to press ahead with plans to test 11-year-olds in England on their times tables , Education Secretary Nick Gibb has told MPs .
A gardener has said he is  ecstatic '' after growing a pear tree in his back garden .
David Miller and Jacques Rudolph hit half-centuries as Glamorgan beat Gloucestershire in the T20 Blast at Cheltenham .
It 's easy to see why Ethiopia is a poor country .
A police force has been accused of  trivialising '' sex crimes after winning a sandcastle competition .
Great Britain 's men 's 4x100m relay team were disqualified in the semi-finals of the World Championships in London .
The HS2 project should be abandoned altogether , an MP has said .
Cornelius Gurlitt , the collector at the centre of a major art scandal in Germany , has died aged 91 .
Glasgow-based engineering firm ID Systems has secured a # 1m loan and equity investment from UK Steel Enterprise -LRB- UKSE -RRB- .
The International Monetary Fund -LRB- IMF -RRB- has warned that the next government may have to raise taxes or cut spending to balance the books .
A three-year-old boy is recovering in hospital after a successful liver transplant .
Wakefield Trinity Wildcats have signed Warrington Wolves winger Joe Arundel on loan until the end of the season .
Inflation in China has eased to its lowest rate since the global financial crisis .
Hull City have signed Uruguay striker Abel Hernandez from Palermo for a club record fee , while Hatem Ben Arfa has joined on a season-long loan from Newcastle .
Chris Rock has filed for divorce from his wife .
At least 13 people have been killed in a storm that has battered South Africa 's Western Cape province .
A council has been accused of  betraying '' residents after cladding on a tower block failed fire safety tests .
The word  binge-watching '' has been named word of the year by the Collins English Dictionary .
Daniel Radcliffe says he is  by far one of the least educated people '' on Shakespeare .
Manager Mark Warburton was left frustrated by a refereeing decision in Rangers ' 2-1 defeat by Hibernian at Easter Road .
A network used to track assets around the world is vulnerable to attack , according to a security researcher .
The UK 's National Air Traffic Service -LRB- Nats -RRB- says it has successfully tracked aircraft using TV signals .
US President-elect Donald Trump has promised a  America First '' approach to trade .
Flights have been diverted at Gatwick Airport after a drone was spotted on the runway .
South Africa 's competition commission has accused banks of rigging the foreign exchange market .
Welsh Conservative leader Andrew RT Davies has called for an end to  aggressive '' Brexit debates in the assembly .
Portsmouth have signed defender Drew Talbot from Chesterfield on a two-year deal .
A dead patient was left in a corridor for hours and patients were left sitting on a bedpan for more than an hour , inspectors have found .
Britain 's Chris Froome finished third on the second stage of the Criterium du Dauphine .
Tour de France winner Chris Froome has apologised for the way his team has been portrayed in the media .
World number one Dustin Johnson pulled out of the Players Championship at Sawgrass with a back injury .
Construction of the largest offshore wind farm in the UK is under way in the Cromarty Firth .
The government has announced changes to the way VAT is paid by labour-intensive businesses .
The first permanent home for the sport 's Hall of Fame has been opened .
Two police officers who filmed themselves near the Shoreham air crash site have been found guilty of gross misconduct .
A well-known busker has been found guilty of pretending to be collecting money for the victims of the Hillsborough disaster .
A World War One medal found in a field in Monmouthshire has been reunited with the soldier 's family .
Worcestershire batsman Daryl Mitchell has been elected chairman of the Professional Cricketers ' Association .
Goalkeeper Anthony Lopes was injured when two firecrackers were thrown at him during Lyon 's Ligue 1 match at Metz .
Adele 's new single , Hello , has become the fastest-selling single of the year so far .
Plans for a vertical pier on Teesside have been approved by councillors .
The only survivor of the Paris attacks has been buried in a secret ceremony , French media report .
Jewish leaders in Croatia have boycotted a ceremony to mark the 70th anniversary of the opening of a Nazi death camp .
Frank Mulholland is to step down as Scotland 's top law officer .
North Lanarkshire Council 's policy and resources committee is due to vote on the future of a  multi-million pound '' roof repairs contract .
The closure of sheriff and Justice of the Peace courts has been hailed as a success .
A woman has admitted murdering three men whose bodies were found in ditches in Cambridgeshire .
A man has described the  devastating '' damage to his cars caused by flash flooding in Fife .
A light in the Palace of Westminster is to be turned off for the first time in its 130-year history .
Derbyshire have signed Nottinghamshire batsman Dan Christian for the 2017 T20 Blast .
A council chief executive arrested as part of an investigation into alleged witness intimidation and conspiracy to pervert the course of justice has been stood down .
Sitting in a cafe in Gibraltar 's Old Town , a young man is reading a Wikipedia entry .
Ipswich Town have signed defender Ben Webster from Portsmouth for an undisclosed fee , while midfielder Jordan Clarke has joined on a free transfer .
The number of student doctor training places in England is to be doubled , the government says .
The authorities in the central Mexican state of Morelos have begun exhuming bodies from a mass grave .
Graham Onions took a five-wicket haul for Durham on the first day of the One-Day Cup final against Nottinghamshire at Trent Bridge .
Tennis player David Nalbandian has had his day in court .
La La Land , starring Ryan Gosling and Emma Stone , has won the People 's Choice award at the Toronto Film Festival .
Harry Pincher , who has died at the age of 98 , was one of Britain 's best-known investigative journalists .
Richard Carpenter , lead singer of The Carpenters , is suing his record label for failing to pay him royalties from digital downloads of the band 's music .
Police investigating the murder of a man in County Antrim have made a fresh appeal for witnesses .
Dan Holman scored a hat-trick as National League leaders Cheltenham Town thrashed Woking .
India 's top literary body , the Sahitya Akademi , has issued a statement condemning recent attacks on writers .
One of the alleged operators of the Silk Road website has been arrested in Thailand .
Oldham boosted their League One survival hopes with a 2-0 win over Peterborough at Boundary Park .
Two search and rescue groups in Northern Ireland are to receive almost # 40,000 in grants from the UK government .
Ben Foster was walking through the centre of Glasgow when he was confronted by a young Rangers fan .
Education Secretary Nicky Morgan has asked the schools watchdog to prepare cases for prosecution against unregistered schools .
Anne Pinkney has been appointed as the new chief constable of Hampshire Constabulary .
Luke Walsh 's late drop-goal gave Catalans Dragons a narrow Super League win at Hull FC .
A man armed with a knife has robbed a cash-in-transit van driver in Edinburgh .
Google has launched a service that tracks the value of people 's offline purchases .
Oxford United manager Michael Appleton has no new injury or suspension worries ahead of his side 's FA Cup fourth-round tie against Newcastle .
Juventus goalkeeper Gianluigi Buffon has signed a new four-year contract with the club .
A bookshop described as one of the best in the world is in danger of closing because of structural problems .
Former Manchester United winger Nani says his Valencia team-mates do not know each other .
In an interview with the BBC 's economics editor Robert Peston , the UK 's international trade secretary Liam Fox has said that he wants a free trade deal with the European Union after Brexit .
A new visitor centre is to be built at Yorkshire Sculpture Park -LRB- YSP -RRB- , it has been announced .
A terminally ill man has launched a legal challenge to the law on assisted suicide in England and Wales .
A 6.8 magnitude earthquake has struck off the Pacific island nation of Vanuatu .
At least 25 people have been killed in a blast in the centre of the Syrian capital , Damascus , the state news agency Sana says .
A dog had its claws forcibly removed and was abandoned on a road in Kent , the RSPCA has said .
A call centre company is creating 300 new jobs in Cardiff .
The father of two Australian children abducted in Lebanon has said he will not drop abduction charges against his estranged wife , despite her arrest .
In politics , there 's no such thing as a free lunch .
A new database has been created to help homeowners and city planners find the right tree for their garden .
A woman has been charged with the murder of a man who died after collapsing at a house in south-west London .
The BBC 's technology programme , Disability Works , is looking at the future of technology for people with disabilities .
If you were to start a business selling healthy snacks in a cardboard box , it is hard to imagine a scenario in which you would be offered a job .
The UK is considering whether to launch air strikes against so-called Islamic State -LRB- IS -RRB- targets in Syria .
Chelsea Ladies beat Glasgow City in the first leg of their Champions League play-off tie at Stamford Bridge .
Double Olympic gold medallist Rebecca Adlington has officially opened a # 1m sports and leisure centre in Bury St Edmunds .
An Australian court has ruled that internet service providers -LRB- ISPs -RRB- can be forced to hand over details of customers who illegally downloaded a film .
Sprinter Sacre , the 2013 Champion Chase winner , has been put down .
The Prison Officers ' Association -LRB- POA -RRB- has reached an agreement with the government over a pay deal .
Dundee University 's School of Medicine is to carry out a study into the health effects of switching to electronic cigarettes .
The prime minister 's pledge to hold a referendum on the UK 's membership of the EU by the end of 2017 has been met with a mixture of scepticism and optimism .
Sainsbury 's has reported a drop in sales as it continues to lose market share to discount chains .
The number of child sexual exploitation -LRB- CSE -RRB- cases being investigated by West Yorkshire Police has risen to 263 in 2017 .
The Glasgow School of Art -LRB- GSA -RRB- has received a further donation to its fire appeal .
The Co-operative Group has warned that full-year profits will  reduce year on year '' .
Philippine President Rodrigo Duterte has ordered the body of former leader Ferdinand Marcos to be moved to the Heroes ' Cemetery in Manila .
A pedestrian has died after being hit by a car in North Yorkshire .
A man who was injured at a travellers ' site in Dorset has died in hospital .
Anna Christian has been named in the Great Britain cycling team for the European Road Championships in Denmark .
The police response to the 2011 riots was  flawed '' , a group of MPs has said .
Details of the hardware inside the Xbox Scorpio console have been revealed by Microsoft .
The theory that women are reluctant to ask for a pay rise because they fear upsetting their boss , or deviating from a perceived female stereotype , is wrong , a study has concluded .
The UK government has promised a  strong and lasting devolution settlement '' in Wales , in the Queen 's Speech .
The National Basketball Association -LRB- NBA -RRB- is to launch an e-sports league in the US .
A  cold , calculating , predatory and ruthless '' paedophile has been jailed for 12 years .
Barnsley have signed winger Kayden Jackson from National League side Wrexham on a two-year deal .
The district of Sangin in the southern Afghan province of Helmand was once one of the most strategically important districts in the country .
Strong winds and heavy rain have caused disruption across parts of Scotland .
The United Nations is to end its controversial campaign with Wonder Woman , a UN spokesman has said .
Mobile phone provider Three has apologised after some of its customers reported receiving spam texts .
A 25-year-old man has been charged in connection with the collapse of a pedestrian bridge on the M20 in Kent .
A charity is trying to find homes for hundreds of hens that have been abandoned by their owners .
NHS staff will no longer be able to refer patients for gay conversion therapy , Newsbeat has learned .
A major road in central London was closed after a water main burst .
Liam Fox 's late strike earned Plymouth a 2-1 win at Mansfield .
A report into the collapse of a bridge during flooding has said the risk of a repeat event remains .
Spain 's men 's rugby sevens team have qualified for the Olympics for the first time after beating hosts Brazil at the World Rugby Sevens Series in Hong Kong .
A man accused of stabbing his former partner to death told police she had the knife in her hand , a court has heard .
An appeal has been launched to raise # 5m to build a national marine centre in East Lothian .
The death of Islam Karimov , the authoritarian leader of Uzbekistan , has left the country without a clear successor .
A pregnant woman accused of trying to smuggle 12 illegal immigrants into the UK in a van has told a court she had no idea they were there .
Amnesty International has condemned reports that Saudi Arabia is preparing to carry out dozens of executions .
A dissident republican group calling itself the IRA has said it was behind the murder of prison officer David Black .
The government has said it will reconsider the case of a woman facing deportation from the UK to her native Cyprus .
A row over the use of the word  Derry '' in government correspondence has been revealed in official documents .
British astronaut Tim Peake and his Russian colleague Mikhail Kornienko have been playing Space Invaders on the International Space Station .
A Russian space capsule carrying supplies to the International Space Station -LRB- ISS -RRB- is likely to fall back to Earth , officials say .
When the mother of a three-year-old boy needed an operation to remove her son 's appendix , she knew she had to bribe the doctors .
The owner of a tree shop that was destroyed by fire has said he is  devastated '' by the blaze .
Super League leaders Castleford came from behind to beat St Helens at the Jungle .
The Mountaineering Association of Scotland -LRB- MBA -RRB- has appealed for people to help clean up the country 's mountain bothies .
An MP has apologised for suggesting that type 1 and type 2 diabetes are preventable .
A 14-year-old Pakistani schoolgirl activist for girls ' education has been shot in the head by gunmen in the Swat Valley .
A lorry has crashed into a house on a level crossing .
-LRB- Close -RRB- .
Head coach Vern Cotter says Scotland 's preparations for the World Cup are on track .
A memorial to Jersey 's soldiers who died in World War One has been unveiled in France .
One of the missing Chibok schoolgirls has been rescued from Islamist militants in north-eastern Nigeria .
US car maker Hyundai has said it will offer free car loans and leases to federal workers affected by the government shutdown .
In the living room of her flat in south-east London , Sian Sen is a big fan of online shopping .
A man who suffered a cardiac arrest outside his home has said he is  grateful '' to the paramedics who saved his life .
The chairmen of five Commons select committees have written to David Cameron urging him to remove international students from the net migration target .
A teenager has been charged after a man was stabbed in Aberdeen .
Prime Minister Theresa May is to meet US President Donald Trump at the White House , it has been confirmed .
Taoiseach -LRB- taoiseach -RRB- Brian Cowen has apologised for his performance in a live television interview on Tuesday .
The family of a soldier found dead at an Army barracks in Surrey 22 years ago have won the right to a new inquest .
BBC Radio 1 DJ Greg James is to receive an honorary degree from the University of East Anglia .
Work has begun on a new bowling pavilion in County Durham .
An investigation has been launched into why a fire engine was not alerted to a blaze by a paging system .
Former Liverpool and Scotland striker Barry St John says he has been diagnosed with dementia .
Bradford and Shrewsbury played out a 1-1 draw in League One .
An investigation into the Welsh language broadcaster S4C 's finances is expected to take longer than expected , the Wales Office has said .
A mystery man who turned up at a shopping centre in Bristol has been revealed as a former Take That star .
A former Rwandan minister has been sentenced to 20 years in prison for inciting genocide .
The trial of a Washington Post reporter detained in Iran has begun .
England 's Paul Casey and Tommy Fleetwood joined Rory McIlroy in failing to make the cut at the US Open .
New Sale Sharks director of rugby Dai Cotton says the club 's stadium is  well away from where it needs to be '' .
A woman who was diagnosed with cervical cancer is one of four women in Northern Ireland taking part in a new clinical trial .
Robert Carlyle 's directorial debut is to open this year 's Edinburgh International Film Festival .
A mother has appeared in court charged with murdering her four-year-old son by setting fire to his car .
On International Women 's Day , BBC Rewind takes a look at the pay gap in the UK .
Blackpool and Colchester played out a 1-1 draw at Bloomfield Road .
In a quiet cul-de-sac in west Belfast , the Japanese Society of Northern Ireland is a hive of activity .
A team of archaeologists has created a virtual tour of artefacts that were destroyed by Islamic State militants in Iraq .
Tributes have been paid to a student who died while studying for a vet nursing degree .
Subsidies to the renewable energy industry are to be cut , the BBC has learned .
In the aftermath of Friday 's deadly attack on a mosque in the northern Nigerian city of Kano , people are still in shock .
Blackburn Rovers have appointed former player David Dunn as first-team coach .
There has been a sharp rise in the number of young people with mental health problems going to A&E , figures show .
The US has condemned Israel 's decision to build a new settlement in the occupied West Bank .
-LRB- Close -RRB- : London 's benchmark share index , the FTSE 100 , fell 0.4% , with Barclays leading the way .
A couple have appeared in court charged with the murder of a baby .
A man has died in a house fire in west Belfast .
-LRB- Close -RRB- : London 's leading shares closed lower , with energy and advertising companies among the biggest fallers .
Wakefield Trinity have signed Newcastle Knights centre Tyler Atkins on a two-year deal .
Myanmar 's military says it has found no evidence to back up claims it carried out a brutal crackdown on the Rohingya Muslim minority .
Two men have been found guilty of murdering a man who was shot outside a pub in Greater Manchester .
A corporation tax rate of 12.5% for Northern Ireland would be a huge boost for the economy .
US President Barack Obama has apologised to Medecins Sans Frontieres -LRB- MSF -RRB- for the bombing of its hospital in Afghanistan that killed 42 people .
Leinster moved up to second in the Pro12 with a hard-fought victory over Connacht at the RDS .
Broadcaster Stephen Robinson has called for a longer tunnel to be built under Stonehenge .
David Tennant and Olivia Colman will return for the final series of Broadchurch , ITV has confirmed .
Atletico Madrid kept up the pressure on La Liga leaders Barcelona with a comfortable win at Deportivo La Coruna .
Wrexham have signed Plymouth Argyle striker James Harvey on a two-year deal .
Toyota is to invest  # 300m '' in its UK car plant , which will create up to 1,000 new jobs .
At a rally in the centre of the Hungarian capital , Budapest , the mood is tense .
A man has been taken to hospital after an explosion on his yacht off the west coast of Scotland .
The Department of Employment and Learning -LRB- DEL -RRB- is to cut nearly 400 jobs in the further education sector .
Jockey Frankie Dettori rode Shutter Speed to victory in the Musidora Stakes at Doncaster .
Sunderland defender Jan Kirchhoff has been ruled out for the rest of the season with a knee injury .
The childhood home of explorer Gertrude Bell and a hospital designed by William Clement Oliver are among the 10 most endangered historic buildings in England .
The US soldier accused of killing 16 civilians in Afghanistan may have suffered from post-traumatic stress disorder -LRB- PTSD -RRB- , according to his lawyer .
Super League player Danny Tickle is in a stable condition in hospital after being assaulted in a nightclub .
A man has been arrested on suspicion of murder after a man was found dead in a street on New Year 's Day .
Romelu Lukaku and Eden Hazard scored as Belgium came from behind to beat Norway in a friendly in Brussels .
Boris Johnson is one of the UK 's most flamboyant and controversial politicians .
Former News of the World editor Andy Coulson and ex-Sun editor Rebekah Brooks have pleaded not guilty to phone-hacking charges .
A man has died after his car left the road and hit a tree in Surrey .
The number of people claiming unemployment benefits in Spain fell in June , official figures show .
An extra # 1m is to be invested in the service for children with autism .
Work on a new  world-class '' swimming pool in Derby is expected to cost # 20m , the city council has said .
Norwegian international Bjorn Johnsen has left Hearts to join Dutch side Den Haag .
The World Health Organization -LRB- WHO -RRB- has declared the Zika virus an international public health emergency .
Three brothers who sexually abused girls and women in Rotherham were  furious '' with one of their victims , a court has heard .
A man whose brother was killed on Bloody Sunday has said the arson attack on the Bloody Sunday Museum in Londonderry shows  total disrespect '' for those who died .
The Israeli police have appointed the country 's first Arab police chief .
A court in Egypt has suspended the assembly tasked with writing a new constitution .
Holyrood 's finance committee has warned of a  significant degree of uncertainty '' over the Scottish government 's budget plans .
Five British servicemen have been killed in a helicopter crash in southern Afghanistan .
The UK 's vote to leave the European Union has divided opinion in the Baltic states .
A man is in a serious condition in hospital after being stabbed on a train in south-east London .
Antonio Conte has been appointed as the new coach of Italy on a two-year deal .
Tributes have been paid to an Isle of Man footballer who was found dead in Liverpool .
Four people have been arrested in the UK as part of an international investigation into spying on people through their webcams .
Nana Akufo-Addo has won Ghana 's presidential election .
The number of men developing dementia may be falling , a study in the Lancet suggests .
Photographs of some of the biggest names in British music are to go on show in London to mark the 40th anniversary of the Rock Against Racism movement .
Dom Dwyer was born and bred in Norwich , but it was in the United States that his career took off .
Andrew Lloyd Webber has defended the high ticket prices for musicals in the West End .
Essex fast bowler Steve Harmer says he is  riding the wave '' after taking 28 wickets in two matches this season .
The Islamist militant group Boko Haram has killed more than 200 people in the Nigerian city of Maiduguri .
The law that allows vulnerable people to be removed from their care home or hospital should be changed , the Law Commission has said .
The number of nurses working in the community has fallen sharply over the past six years , it has been claimed .
Work has begun to restore a Victorian cemetery to its former glory .
napping during the day may increase the risk of type-2 diabetes , say researchers in Japan .
The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge have been welcomed to Canada by the country 's governor general .
A man has been arrested after an armed siege at a Barclays bank in Birmingham .
Some cancer medicines on the NHS in England are being excessively expensive , researchers say .
Warwickshire seamer James Thornton has signed his first professional contract with the county .
Two major international airlines have said they will stop flying to Nigeria because of currency restrictions .
Staff at the UK 's biggest bookmaker , Coral , were told to do everything they could to encourage people to play its high-stakes gambling machines , the BBC has learned .
A man who tried to smuggle CS gas canisters and knives through Edinburgh Airport has been jailed for eight months .
Swansea City defender Angel Rangel says Manchester City boss Pep Guardiola is a  maestro '' .
Leeds United defender Chris Smalling is a doubt with an ankle injury .
A body has been found at a harbour in Aberdeenshire .
Striker Anthony Pilkington believes Cardiff City can challenge for promotion this season .
The Scottish government is being urged to scrap the right of social housing tenants to buy their own homes .
There are lines in politics that you just do not cross .
The French government is seeking 356m -LRB- # 242m -RRB- in back taxes from online travel firm Booking.com .
Details of the emails of the chief executive of Ashley Madison have been published online .
The New South Wales state parliament has passed a motion calling US presidential candidate Donald Trump a  revolting slug '' .
A Welsh actor who plays Darth Vader in a new Star Wars film has been given a star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame .
The rise of the second screen , or companion device - that 's a tablet or smartphone to you and me - was the topic of the moment .
David Cameron 's EU reforms could lead to a  surge '' in migrants coming to the UK , senior Conservatives have warned .
Scientists have used a gene editing system to treat mice with cancer .
It 's one of the most iconic comedies of all time .
Four Taiwanese soldiers have died after their tank crashed into a river during a training exercise , the army says .
Former military chief Abdul Fattah al-Sisi has been sworn in as Egypt 's new president .
Claudia Winkleman is to step down as host of BBC film show Film 2016 after one series .
A convicted murderer has admitted attacking a man with an axe and a knife at a Christmas party .
Former Home Secretary David Blunkett has called for Yorkshire to have its own  White Rose Parliament '' .
A 67-year-old man says he 's lucky to be alive after being struck by lightning during his daughter 's wedding .
Kirsty Bankier won her ninth Scottish National Badminton title in her final appearance at the Glasgow International .
Oxfordshire 's private sector could be wiped out if there are  massive cuts '' in the public sector , a business leader has warned .
A Brazilian rancher has been found guilty of ordering the murder of an American rainforest activist .
Mae Eisteddfod Genedlaethol yn cael ei chynnal ym Modedern ar Ynys Mn yn rhwng 4-12 Awst , a gobeithio bod y Goron hon yn adlewyrchiad o gy
Tens of thousands of foreign domestic workers in Hong Kong have staged a protest over safety concerns .
Events are being held across the Republic of Ireland to mark the centenary of the 1916 Easter Rising .
Intel , the world 's biggest chipmaker , has reported a drop in profits as demand for its data- servers slowed .
The future of the Scottish Football Association 's performance schools programme is in doubt , according to its new boss Steve McClair .
Celtic have been fined # 20,000 by Uefa for crowd disturbances during their Champions League match against Galatasaray .
Saracens lock George Kruis has been ruled out for the rest of the season with a knee injury .
England full-back Sam Tomkins has rejoined Wigan Warriors on a two-year deal .
A 10-year-old girl drowned in a hotel swimming pool in Lancashire , an inquest has heard .
Republican presidential candidate Mitt Romney is expected to announce his running mate in the coming days .
A man has been arrested on suspicion of shooting at a group of nudists on the Italian island of Sardinia .
An outbreak of dengue fever in Burkina Faso has killed at least 19 people , the country 's health ministry says .
Former England bowler James Taylor and ex-Northants batsman David Sales have joined Derbyshire as batting coaches .
A new head of the Public Services Ombudsman for Wales has been appointed .
The family of a woman who was found stabbed to death in her home in Italy have called for an investigation into her death .
Power has been restored to most parts of Bangladesh after a major blackout on Saturday .
A bill to transfer railway policing powers to Police Scotland has been introduced at Holyrood .
No action will be taken against a man after a woman was sexually assaulted at a military base .
Yum Brands , the owner of KFC , has reported better-than-expected sales in China .
Mexico 's interior minister , Miguel Angel Galindo , has been sacked over the deaths of dozens of people in a police raid .
Trams have run through the centre of Manchester for the first time as part of the city 's Metrolink expansion .
Grimsby Town have signed former York City goalkeeper Scott Straker on a deal until the end of the season .
New York 's Guggenheim Museum has unveiled a gold-plated toilet that can be used by the public .
The chief executive of Titanic Belfast has said it is vital that the attraction attracts visitors from outside Northern Ireland .
Authorities in the US state of Arizona have broken up a major Mexican drug trafficking network , officials say .
Leaving the European Union would have a  relatively small '' economic impact on the UK , according to ratings agency Moody 's .
Chelsea have signed goalkeeper Eduardo from Sporting Lisbon for an undisclosed fee .
A mobile game is being used to help dementia research .
-LRB- Close -RRB- : The London market opened lower , but shares in Dixons Carphone rose after it reported better-than-expected profits .
Thousands of children and young people are being sexually exploited in England and Wales , says a report .
In the wake of the bomb attacks in the Indonesian capital , Jakarta , social media users have been sharing images and messages of solidarity .
A pony was deliberately dumped in a remote part of Lincolnshire , the RSPCA has said .
Northern Ireland 's new health minister has told the annual conference of the Royal College of Nursing .
The US has launched air strikes against Islamic State -LRB- IS -RRB- militants in Syria .
When war broke out in Lebanon in 2005 , Simon Barrett , the founder of an animal charity , was forced to leave the country with his family .
Actor Brian Blessed has revealed he helped deliver a baby in a park 50 years ago .
The first Gulf War may have been a relatively low-key affair , but it was a watershed moment in the history of the Middle East .
Police have referred themselves to the police watchdog over their handling of the search for a missing woman .
The future of education in Wales is to be discussed at a conference in Cardiff .
The US space agency -LRB- Nasa -RRB- has released the first images of Jupiter 's north pole taken by its new Juno probe .
A 25-year-old man has been charged with causing death by dangerous driving after a woman was hit by a car .
Lewis Hamilton recovered from a poor start to finish second as Mercedes team-mate Nico Rosberg won the Hungarian Grand Prix .
SDLP MLA Seamus Mallon has said he is backing Colum Eastwood in the party 's leadership contest .
Downton Abbey star Michelle Dockery is to star alongside Dominic West in a revival of Les Liaisons Dangereuses at the Donmar Warehouse .
A woman accused of conspiring with her boyfriend and another man to kill her ex-husband is expected to be released from jail after posting a record bail amount .
The father of a man killed during anti-government protests in Venezuela has called on President Nicols Maduro to clear his son 's name .
James Faulkner became the sixth Australian to take a one-day international hat-trick as Sri Lanka beat Australia in the second match of the series .
The John Lewis department store at Edinburgh 's St James Centre is set to reopen to the public .
Natwest and RBS have warned that they could introduce negative interest rates on business accounts if the Bank of England 's base rate falls below zero .
An investigation is under way into claims parking wardens changed the time on drivers ' photos to make them appear to be in a car park earlier .
Jack Marriott continued his recent goalscoring form with a brace in Peterborough 's 2-1 win over Rotherham .
Reigning champions Yorkshire will begin the defence of their County Championship title away to Derbyshire .
Children 's author Helen Bailey may have been drowned , a court has heard .
A man has been charged with the murder of his Bulgarian wife .
Scottish actress Karen Gillan has been cast in the upcoming Jumanji sequel .
The rise of anti-establishment politicians in the UK and the US has been fuelled by a growing distrust of the political establishment .
Google has unveiled its new headquarters in London 's King 's Cross .
Negotiations over the UK 's exit from the EU are likely to start in October , the former president of the European Council has said .
Liverpool 's thrilling comeback against Borussia Dortmund in the Europa League semi-final at Anfield will be remembered as one of the greatest matches in the club 's history .
Matt Parkin and Ben Frear scored in each half as Forest Green ended Halifax 's 13-match unbeaten run .
The Cuban Communist Party was founded by Fidel Castro , a revolutionary who led the country to independence from the United States in 1902 .
The father of a two-year-old girl who is being held in Iran with her mother is to hold a rally to call for her release .
A man who claims he was sexually abused by a BBC radio presenter has told a court he was  too old '' to have sex with her .
Jamie Roberts says he will use his omission from the British and Irish Lions squad as motivation for Wales ' summer tour .
German police have arrested a man believed to have known the Berlin lorry attacker , Anis Amri .
A man has been charged in connection with firearms offences in Edinburgh .
All images  Hamish Frost '' , Nevis Range .
The poultry industry is one of Northern Ireland 's biggest employers .
Stoke City have signed Fulham midfielder Steve Sidwell for an undisclosed fee .
A chemistry lab and a restaurant have been closed after a fire at Cardiff University .
The editor-in-chief and several other staff of Turkey 's opposition Cumhuriyet newspaper have been arrested on suspicion of aiding the July coup attempt .
Oil prices have fallen sharply after the International Energy Agency -LRB- IEA -RRB- said global oil demand was slowing .
Police in the Italian city of Milan have arrested a gang of youths they suspect of carrying out a series of armed robberies , inspired by the film A Clockwork Orange .
The family of a man who killed himself at the Dignitas clinic in Switzerland have said he ended his life with  dignity and control '' .
Harvard University is changing the job titles of some of its staff , because of claims that the word  master '' is associated with slavery .
I once asked a group of young people if they thought Yorkshire should be independent .
Two new giant Welsh dragons have been unveiled at Caernarfon Castle .
Nico Rosberg headed Mercedes team-mate Lewis Hamilton in a chaotic first practice session at the Chinese Grand Prix .
Demonstrators have clashed with police in the US city of Charlotte , South Carolina .
Cambridge City Council has said it has  no concerns '' about the weight of its Tour de France bunting .
The parents of Anni Dewani , who was killed on her honeymoon in South Africa four years ago , say they are still waiting for justice .
The crew of a container ship seized by the Iranian navy in the Strait of Hormuz are safe , Danish shipping giant Maersk says .
HS2 is planning a  huge number of weekend closures '' which will impact the travelling public , campaigners say .
A scientist in South Africa has discovered a new way to fight breast cancer .
The Prince of Monaco and his wife , Charlene , have given birth to twins , Gabriella and Jacques .
Wilfried Bony scored twice as Ivory Coast beat Algeria to reach the Africa Cup of Nations semi-finals .
US astronaut Tim Peake has returned to Earth after a six-month mission in space .
Education Minister Huw Lewis has changed his mind about scrapping a target to get Welsh pupils in the top 20 in international tests by 2021 .
With the transfer window set to close at the end of August , there are plenty of questions that clubs and agents need to be asking themselves .
It 's one of the most ambitious video games ever planned .
Former Doctor Who stars David Tennant and Billie Piper are to appear in a special 50th anniversary episode of the show .
US President Donald Trump says he has no recordings of his conversations with former FBI director James Comey .
Craft brewer and bar operator BrewDog has said it has been "overwhelmed" by the response to its first crowdfunding round in the US .
Residents of a new garden city in Oxfordshire say they have been left frustrated by the lack of superfast broadband .
Derby County manager Nigel Pearson says Jacob Butterfield and Marcus Olsson will miss Saturday 's Championship opener against Brighton .
Three men have been convicted of blowing up cash machines and stealing more than # 300,000 .
Two directors of a Newport turkey processing company have been jailed for food hygiene offences .
Two newly-elected Conservative MSPs have joined the campaign for the UK to leave the EU .
Scottish department store chain William Watt has announced plans to create up to 500 new jobs over the next two years .
The number of students in England and Wales who have been placed through clearing for university places has reached a record high .
The death of the Afghan Taliban leader , Mullah Akhtar Mansour , has been described as a  game-changer '' .
Sales of new cars in Scotland rose in March , according to new figures .
Steven Naismith has no intention of leaving Norwich City despite being left out of Daniel Farke 's first-team squad .
Grimsby Town scored a late winner to beat Aldershot Town in the National League .
The families of two prisoners who killed themselves at a Buckinghamshire jail have lost a High Court challenge against the government .
Sheffield Wednesday boosted their Championship play-off hopes with victory over 10-man Huddersfield .
Sophie Davies says her week has been  unbelievable '' after securing her place at the 2017 World Championships in London .
Six authors have been shortlisted for the first International Dylan Thomas Prize .
Mexico 's health ministry says it is investigating allegations that children in the eastern state of Veracruz were given fake cancer treatments .
The parents of a soldier who died on an SAS selection march have said they are  extremely disappointed '' the UK government has refused to remove the army 's immunity from prosecution .
More than 20,000 people have signed a petition calling for revenge porn victims to be given the right to anonymity .
Shrewsbury Town midfielder Alex Ogogo could return from injury before the end of the season .
Two care workers who admitted neglecting an elderly woman have been given a 12-month community order .
The Football Association -LRB- FA -RRB- has said it will ignore Fifa 's ban on players wearing poppies on armbands during England 's match against Scotland on 11 November .
Championship side Cornish Pirates have signed loose-head prop Ben Ransom on a two-year deal .
The H1N1 flu vaccine Pandemrix has been linked to an increased risk of narcolepsy .
A man has admitted beating a man with a baseball bat during a break-in at his home .
From a distance , it is easy to see why the dales are famous - the rolling hills , the bluebells and the heather-covered moorland .
All photographs  Hugh Kinsella Cunningham '' .
The prime minister of Mauritius , Anerood Jugnauth , has announced he is to step down in favour of his son , Veerle .
An Indian soldier who was buried alive in an avalanche on the Siachen glacier in Indian-administered Kashmir last week is in a coma , the army says .
A former event-rider who was paralysed from the chest down after a horse-riding accident is set to walk the London Marathon .
Human remains have been found by police investigating the discovery of a man 's skull in Shropshire .
The Cavern Club in Liverpool is celebrating its 50th anniversary .
The prime minister has said he will consider arguments about how to deal with the past in Northern Ireland .
Farming is a big business , and it relies on water .
The wife of the founder of the Sealand oil platform off the Suffolk coast has died .
Ex-cabinet minister Chris Huhne has been granted a parliamentary pass despite being jailed for perverting the course of justice , it has emerged .
A house has been destroyed in a fire in Aberdeenshire .
Former SNP leader Alex Salmond has said his party 's campaign for Scottish independence was  flawed '' .
Birmingham City midfielder James Morrison says manager Gary Rowett was right to criticise his side after Saturday 's draw with Middlesbrough .
In the wake of reports that President Donald Trump revealed highly classified information to Russia 's ambassador to the US , the White House has been quick to defend the president .
Maxime Biamou scored twice as Sutton eased to victory over Gateshead at Gander Green Lane .
A landmark free trade deal between the EU and Canada has collapsed after Belgium 's Wallonia region rejected it .
The family of a man who died in a crash involving a 73-year-old driver have called for more to be done to prevent such accidents .
Teenage seamer Alan Tongue took five wickets to help Worcestershire recover from 14-3 to close on 291-7 against Glamorgan at New Road .
Delegates at the TUC 's congress have voted to co-ordinate industrial action against the government 's planned cuts to public services .
The fossilised footprints of a new species of reptile have been discovered in Spain .
Police are treating the deaths of a man and woman at a house in Paisley as  unexplained '' .
A group of Muslim leaders have been visiting Poland to learn more about the Holocaust .
Glamorgan captain Jacques Rudolph says the players need to stand up and take responsibility for their side 's poor start to the season .
A 20-year-old pregnant woman has died in an Italian hospital after two of her foetuses died hours apart .
Fleetwood Mac are to headline the Isle of Wight Festival in June .
A headless torso has been found off the Danish coast by divers searching for a missing journalist , police say .
French President Francois Hollande has appointed Jean-Marc Ayrault , a former prime minister , as foreign minister .
US President Barack Obama and his Chinese counterpart Xi Jinping have signed an agreement on cyber security .
Mae Llywodraeth Cymru wedi dweud bod nifer yr ymwelwyr i Gymru yn teimlo nad yw'r lle yn cael sylw haeddiannol .
Glamorgan head coach Hugh Morris says he is keen to strengthen the county 's fast bowling options ahead of the 2017 season .
The two candidates in France 's centre-right presidential primary have traded blows in a TV debate .
Two climbers had to be winched to safety after getting stuck on Snowdon 's Snowdon Ridge .
England captain Alastair Cook made the highest Test score by an English batsman overseas to help his side take control of the first Test against Pakistan .
West Sussex and East Sussex fire services could be brought under the control of the county 's police and crime commissioner -LRB- PCC -RRB- .
Chelsea Ladies thrashed Yeovil Town Ladies 6-0 on the opening day of the Women 's Spring Series , while Sunderland drew 0-0 with Arsenal .
Torquay United have re-signed defender Ben Cole on a two-year deal after releasing midfielder Andy Dugdale .
The Church of England 's second woman bishop has been consecrated at York Minster .
Olympic bronze medallist Rebecca Graddon has retired from diving .
Armed police were called to a house in Wrexham after reports of a man with a gun .
All images are copyrighted and may not be used .
Mae rhannau o e-byst yr esgobion drwy gais dan y ddeddf gwarchod data , yn cael ei anfon gan Y Gwir Barchedig .
A court ruling in Australia has thrown a spanner in the works of the world 's biggest coal mine .
Monty Python star Graham Jones has been honoured with the lifetime achievement award at the National Television Awards .
The nominations for the 2017 African Footballer of the Year awards have been announced by the Confederation of African Football .
Greg Dyke is to stand down as chairman of the Football Association this summer .
Two Nato soldiers have been killed in an insider attack in southern Afghanistan , the alliance says .
The brains of babies are about to be mapped for the first time .
All five candidates are opposed to a third runway at Heathrow .
The UK is to build the spacecraft for Europe 's next mission to the Sun .
Only a quarter of nurseries and childminders are planning to offer free childcare promised by the government , a survey suggests .
Britain 's Chris and Gabby Adcock have reached the final of the All England Championships in Birmingham .
As the world 's best Paralympians prepare to compete at the World Para-athletics Championships in London this week , they will face stiff competition from a host of countries .
Asian markets were mostly lower as commodity prices fell and uncertainty remained over Greece 's future in the eurozone .
A man has admitted killing an 11-year-old girl in a hit-and-run crash in Glasgow .
An Islamic court in the northern Nigerian state of Bauchi has sentenced four men to 20 lashes each after finding them guilty of homosexual offences , officials say .
Wigan Athletic have signed Bournemouth midfielder Jamie MacDonald on a season-long loan deal .
Bournemouth manager Eddie Howe says he is  absolutely committed '' to the club .
Community hydro schemes across Wales are warning they could be forced to abandon their projects because of huge business rates increases .
They are the Conservative MPs who represent the North East .
Formula 1 's bosses have been working on a radical redesign of the sport for the past year , and it has been a long time coming .
The mother of a five-year-old boy who was impaled on a barbecue on a beach has said she feels  helpless '' .
A photographic archive of the UK 's high-rise housing projects is to be created .
A 23-year-old man has been attacked in west Belfast .
A senior MP has written to Home Secretary Theresa May urging her to ban two US speakers from entering the UK .
Worcestershire 's hopes of avoiding relegation from the County Championship suffered a blow as they lost six wickets on day three against Kent at Canterbury .
A man has been arrested after a man died in a crash on the A34 in Oxfordshire .
British singer Phil Collins has donated his personal collection of artefacts from the Battle of the Alamo to the state of Texas .
Universities in England are being urged to improve the quality of their courses by Universities Minister Jo Johnson .
People in north Wales are being urged to take steps to protect themselves from cyber attacks .
The UN 's human rights chief has called for an investigation into the shooting of unarmed civilians by Turkish security forces in the south-eastern city of Cizre .
A teenager in Florida has been charged with impersonating a doctor and stealing money from patients , police say .
Alastair Cook has been under a lot of pressure recently .
Workers at Bernard Matthews have been given assurances that their pensions will be protected , the Unite union has said .
Being crowned Miss Wheelchair India has been a dream come true for Meera Kewlani , a lawyer from the western Indian city of Mumbai .
Police Scotland has said it remains committed to closing control rooms in Aberdeen and Inverness .
Mae Prime Minister Theresa May wedi pleidleisio gyda 'r llywodraeth .
Wildlife officials are searching for a 10-foot -LRB- 3m -RRB- python that escaped from a home in Orlando , Florida .
A sharp fall in the value of the pound will hit consumer spending and growth in the UK economy , a think tank has warned .
Nottingham Forest have signed Cardiff City striker Federico Macheda on loan .
Workers at the Northern Ireland operations of Caterpillar have been told to expect an announcement on job cuts on Thursday .
Allotment holders have criticised plans to build 500 homes on green belt land in Leatherhead .
Defender Sean Morrison says Cardiff City 's late goals are  devastating '' for the team .
A charity for people with eating disorders is calling for stricter controls on the sale of laxatives to young people .
Joe Clarke hit his first Championship century of the season as Worcestershire took control against Derbyshire at New Road .
As the world 's population ages , so does the demand for jobs .
Somerset director of cricket Chris Rogers says his side 's three-wicket defeat by Middlesex was  disappointing '' .
A former All-Ireland footballer has been charged with stealing more than # 600,000 .
Two teenagers have been arrested after a 17-year-old boy was stabbed in the neck in West Sussex .
British amateur Scott Gregory has been using YouTube to help him prepare for his Masters debut .
Transgender young people are the least likely to feel confident reporting a hate crime , according to a charity .
-LRB- Close -RRB- : Shares in airlines were among the biggest fallers on the FTSE 100 .
The UK has voted to leave the European Union .
A company which supplied gas to hundreds of homes has been fined # 20,000 .
The capture of Sangin district in the southern Afghan province of Helmand by the Taliban is a major blow to the government of President Ashraf Ghani .
The National Trust -LRB- NT -RRB- has announced plans to restore Clandon Park , which was destroyed in a fire last year .
A motorcyclist has died following a crash at the Isle of Man Grand Prix .
A man who bombarded his ex-partner with abusive messages has been jailed for five years .
Have you ever wondered what happens when you pee ?
A prison officer has been stabbed in the head , a union has said .
League One side Preston North End were knocked out of the EFL Cup after a dramatic extra-time defeat at Accrington .
The chair of the US Federal Reserve has said the case for an interest rate rise has  strengthened '' in recent months .
Former Arsenal striker Nicklas Bendtner has been fined by his German club Wolfsburg after posting a picture of himself asleep in his bed on Instagram .
Dinamo Bucharest say they will donate the African Champions League trophy to the family of Patrick Ekeng .
The Duchess of Cambridge has taken the baton from an orchestra in Germany .
A teenager has admitted killing a man in County Durham .
Virtual reality -LRB- VR -RRB- is a technology that can be used to immerse people in a virtual world .
A caterpillar-killing virus has been found hanging from a tree on a nature reserve in Lancashire .
Troubled Japanese conglomerate Toshiba is in talks to borrow billions of dollars , according to reports .
The people of Mubende in eastern Uganda have been extracting gold from the ground for years .
A millionaire was murdered by his Ukrainian wife , an inquest has heard .
Virat Kohli became the first man to score a century in the opening match of a World Cup tournament as India began their defence of the title with a 95-run win over Pakistan .
Thousands of people have attended Armed Forces Day events across the UK .
The earliest evidence of human settlement in North America is 130,000 years old , a study in Science suggests .
Britain 's Mark Cavendish missed out on a medal in the Olympic men 's road race as Kazakhstan 's Alexandre Vinokourov won gold .
The computer pioneer and wartime codebreaker Alan Turing has been granted a pardon by the Queen .
Striker Radamel Falcao has been left out of Chelsea 's Champions League squad .
Dozens of people have been killed and wounded in a series of bomb attacks across Iraq , officials say .
Birmingham City Women have signed Germany international Ramona Linden from Eintracht Frankfurt .
British eventer Emily Gilruth , who was seriously injured in a fall at the Badminton Horse Trials , is  progressing steadily '' in hospital .
Barnsley manager Lee Johnson says he is prepared to take full responsibility for the club 's poor form .
Indian Prime Minister Manmohan Singh has ended his two-day visit to Bangladesh without agreement on key issues .
The Labour heartlands of Merthyr Tydfil and Caerphilly will be key battlegrounds in the final days of the EU referendum campaign .
Britain 's Beth Tweddle has won a bronze medal in her final Olympics .
England hooker Dylan Hartley says he is focusing on his club form rather than his chances of being selected for the British and Irish Lions tour of New Zealand .
Liverpool manager Brendan Rodgers says the club 's owners can keep Raheem Sterling if they want to .
Three-time Olympic champion Sanya Richards-Ross says she has received support from other female athletes after revealing she had an abortion .
It was a day of late drama in the English Football League .
At least 12 civilians have been killed in an air strike by the Saudi-led coalition in northern Yemen , officials say .
The UK 's former cabinet secretary , Gus O'Donnell , has said the UK could stay in the European Union .
Wigan Warriors forward Lewis Tierney has signed a new two-year contract with the Super League club .
A 15-year-old girl has died after getting into difficulty in the sea off the Northumberland coast .
African champions Al Ahly of Egypt and Zambia 's Zesco United played out a 2-2 draw in Alexandria on Saturday .
A paraglider has been airlifted to hospital after crashing off the coast of County Down .
The UK 's first all-electric taxi is to be unveiled at a new factory in the West Midlands .
Left-of-centre parties have won control of three of Spain 's largest cities in local elections on Saturday .
Labour 's manifesto promises to scrap all student fees in England .
A hospital has said it rejected a quotation for a  gold-plated '' blind because it did not meet fire and infection control regulations .
Police searching for a missing man have launched a national appeal after receiving a letter claiming he was dead .
Coventry City came from behind to beat 10-man Millwall .
Shaker Aamer , the last British resident held in Guantanamo Bay , has arrived back in the UK .
A major shake-up of England 's GCSEs has been announced by the exams watchdog , Ofqual .
Chancellor George Osborne will deliver his third Spending Review on Wednesday .
The Australian government has announced plans to strip citizenship from dual nationals who engage in terrorism .
Ballyliffin has been confirmed as the venue for the 2017 Irish Open .
A woman has said she is  appalled '' after being described as a  home educated oddball '' in a job advert .
Hundreds of people have attended the funeral of a police officer who appeared in a reality TV show .
The US has lifted a ban on providing security assistance to Bahrain .
South Africa head coach Russell Domingo is to step down after the one-day series against England .
Jose Mourinho suffered a heavy defeat on his return to Chelsea as Manchester United manager .
Defender Graeme Shinnie has signed a new two-year contract with Aberdeen .
England 's win over Scotland was a great way to start the Six Nations .
The Women 's World Cup kicks off in Germany on Friday , and organisers are hoping for a repeat of the success of Paul the octopus .
Ian Hutchinson set the pace in Friday 's second practice session at the Manx Grand Prix .
It 's a tale of two Brexit negotiators .
A man has appeared in court charged with the murder of his wife .
Hibernian stretched their lead at the top of the Championship with victory over 10-man Dundee United .
The craft spirits industry is in a  period of explosive creativity '' , according to a report .
The seventh round of the World Rugby Sevens Series takes place in Paris this weekend .
Britain 's Vicky Cave has won the Ironman World Championship in Hawaii .
Dundee scored twice in the second-half to beat Motherwell , who had a goal controversially disallowed .
A man has been charged in connection with an attack on a woman in Buckinghamshire .
Pop star Tove Loden says she 's been  geeking out '' in the studio .
The official website of Uganda 's prime minister has been hacked in protest at the government 's stance on gay rights .
Floyd Mayweather and Conor McGregor have traded insults ahead of their fight on 26 August .
Schoolchildren in Kenya have launched a bid to break the world record for the largest reading aloud .
German club Schalke have appointed Portuguese coach Domenico Tedesco as their new boss .
An appeal has been launched to trace children photographed in the 1970s living in squalid conditions .
A man died after being stung on the neck by a honey bee , an inquest has heard .
The University of Manchester has said it is  delighted '' to have been awarded # 100m to fund a new cancer research centre .
Tens of thousands of Coptic Christians have held a vigil in the Egyptian capital , Cairo , for the late Pope Shenouda III .
Crime gangs are increasingly using encrypted phones and apps to communicate , police have said .
England 's Masters champion Danny Willett leads the DP World Tour Championship in Dubai by one shot after carding a six-under-par 66 .
The Queen will celebrate her 90th birthday with a street party , it has been announced .
A 32-year-old man has been arrested over a fire at a Florida mosque that was attended by the Orlando nightclub gunman .
The president of Swansea City Football Club has died at the age of 88 .
The US zoo where a gorilla was shot dead after a child fell into his enclosure has deleted all references to the animal from its Twitter account .
A security operation at Paris ' Gare de Lyon station has ended , police say .
A cat has died after being poisoned with antifreeze in Glasgow , the Scottish SPCA has said .
Sepp Blatter should step down as president of world football 's governing body Fifa , Prime Minister David Cameron has said .
Work has begun on a memorial to the Spitfire at the site of the Battle of Britain .
The operator of Japan 's stricken Fukushima nuclear plant has outlined a plan to bring it under control .
A meeting has been held to discuss a counter-terrorism exercise in which a Muslim was portrayed as a suicide bomber .
Lana Del Rey is sitting at a desk in the BBC Music studios in Broadcasting House , London .
Belfast Giants lost 4-3 to Elite League leaders Nottingham Panthers at the SSE Arena on Friday night .
Blackburn Rovers were relegated from the Championship despite beating Brentford , who finished with 10 men .
The scale of religious persecution is  beyond all belief '' , the Prince of Wales has said .
The UK and Norway have signed a deal to connect their electricity networks .
A series of failings at a hospital in Cumbria led to the deaths of 20 babies and children , a report has found .
The location of King Arthur 's round table has long been a mystery .
Pop star Lady Gaga will headline the Super Bowl half-time show in Houston , Texas , on Sunday .
One of two men accused of attacking a groom at his wedding has admitted pushing him but denied punching him .
Juan Martin del Potro beat third seed Stan Wawrinka in four sets to reach the third round at Wimbledon .
The EU is  making concession after concession '' to Turkey over its bid to join the bloc , Justice Secretary Michael Gove has said .
Exam timetabling can be a tricky business .
Boys aged 11 and 12 should be vaccinated against a cancer-causing sexually transmitted infection , campaigners have said .
Napoli striker Gonzalo Higuain will only leave the club if Tottenham meet his release clause , according to a club source .
A wildlife charity has suggested debris from a nearby wood could be the source of recent sightings of the Loch Ness Monster .
Voting has begun in the general election in Cheshire .
The 150th anniversary of Big Ben 's first day in operation is to be celebrated as London 's 150th birthday .
A collection of  incredible '' vintage diving helmets has sold at auction for more than # 100,000 .
The Bank of England 's Monetary Policy Committee -LRB- MPC -RRB- has decided not to raise interest rates .
Bradford City have offered new contracts to five players but have released midfielder Stephen Darby .
The Canadian government has dropped an appeal against a court ruling that a law banning full-face veils such as the niqab was unconstitutional .
London-based recycling firm Liberty House is set to submit a formal bid for Tata 's UK steel operations .
A Sri Lankan court has sentenced a former government minister to life in prison for the murder of an MP .
Gloucester prop Mark Atkinson has signed a new two-year contract with the Premiership club .
Chinese search giant Baidu has unveiled its first digital assistant .
India has rejected a plea by a former Indian navy officer sentenced to death by a military court in Pakistan .
A Muslim man who came out as gay has said he has received death threats since his wedding .
Denmark 's health service has made a big change to the way it deals with cancer .
A road in Stafford is to be closed as part of a  major upgrade '' of the town 's water supply .
Steve Sidwell says he wants to stay at Brighton to help the club stay in the Premier League .
Reddit 's warrant canary , a statement that a website has never received a secret surveillance request , has disappeared from the site .
A campaign has been launched against plans for a new golf course in the Scottish Highlands .
It is one of the most famous books in Australian history .
Myanmar 's government has signed a ceasefire deal with about half of the country 's ethnic armed groups .
On a recent afternoon in London 's West End , Alexander DeLeon is browsing the shops .
National League side Forest Green Rovers have signed former Chelsea and Millwall goalkeeper Scott Pidgeley on a deal until the end of the season .
The UK 's energy regulator has said it is  deeply concerned '' that consumers are still paying too much for their energy .
Fertilising the world 's ice-free land with phosphorus will be a major challenge .
Russell Slade is to leave his role as head of football at Cardiff City .
China 's oil imports from Iran surged in May , despite a dispute between the two countries over payment .
More than 200 schoolgirls are still missing after an attack on their school in north-eastern Nigeria .
Great Britain 's mixed team of Charlotte French and Jack Evans won silver in the team event at the World Aquatics Championships in Budapest .
A World War Two veteran 's collection of medals has been stolen from his home .
Wales men 's head coach Paul Clements says promotion to the top tier of European hockey is a  huge achievement '' .
Scotland 's fishing industry has voted to leave the European Union .
Russia is to reduce its military presence in Syria , the country 's armed forces chief has said .
A campaign has been launched to tackle underage drinking in the Highlands .
Glasgow-based Aggreko has said it expects full-year profits to be lower than last year .
Tablets , computers and smartphones have changed the way we work and live .
Former African champions JS Kabylie of Algeria suffered a shock 3-0 home defeat by Liberia 's national team in the first leg of their Confederation Cup last-32 tie on Saturday .
Firefighters have been threatened and abused after tackling a bonfire in Larbert .
Derbyshire seamer Tom Taylor has signed a new two-year contract with the club .
Councils in England and Wales could have to increase council tax by an average of  just under 200 '' over the next five years , the Local Government Association has warned .
Accident rates in 20mph zones in Manchester have not fallen as quickly as expected , according to a report .
The Irish foreign minister has been asked to explain why the UK secretary of state did not take his seat when the Irish national anthem was played at the McKenna Cup final .
The letter announcing the departure of Nicholas Serota as the director of Tate Modern is a bold statement of intent .
The results are in for the UK general and London Assembly elections .
Hosting the Rugby World Cup in Newcastle has generated an estimated 43m for the local economy , organisers have said .
Jose Mourinho should have apologised to former Chelsea doctor Eva Carneiro , says Football Association chairman Greg Dyke .
A man who built a mock-Tudor castle without planning permission has demolished it .
An inquest into the death of the Manchester suicide bomber has been opened and adjourned .
Actor Richard Johnson has died at the age of 88 , his family has said .
The Raigmore Hospital in Inverness has reopened to visitors following an outbreak of norovirus .
A former financial adviser who defrauded clients out of thousands of pounds has been warned she faces jail for breaching a community payback order .
Prime Minister Theresa May has said she would like to call an early general election .
Police in Colombia have arrested a man suspected of setting up an office to sabotage peace talks with Farc rebels in Cuba .
A care worker who stole more than # 20,000 from a vulnerable man to fund a  lavish lifestyle '' has been jailed .
Companies should be banned from bidding for Welsh government contracts , according to a new report .
Prime Minister Narendra Modi has thanked Indians for accepting his surprise decision to scrap high-value currency notes .
An investigation has been launched into a hospital trust 's finances .
Sixty-five people have appeared in court in western Myanmar on charges linked to violent anti-government protests .
Jewellery worth # 20,000 has been stolen in a raid on a jewellers .
The counting of votes in Kenya 's presidential and parliamentary elections has been delayed for a second day because of a backlog of results .
If you 've ever wondered what it's like to be a professional gardener , George is the man for you .
In our series of letters from African journalists , Ghanaian writer Elizabeth Ohene considers the state of Ghana 's roads .
A man has been seriously injured in a two-vehicle crash in Aberdeenshire .
An independent review into the murder of Belfast solicitor Pat Finucane has found evidence of state involvement .
Three men have been arrested on suspicion of murdering a man who was shot dead outside a meat market .
A sculpture honouring musician Michael Ronson has been unveiled in his home city of Hull .
David Cameron has apologised to an imam he accused of supporting Islamic State -LRB- IS -RRB- .
Urban areas are an important habitat for bees and other pollinating insects , say scientists .
Crewe Alexandra have re-signed striker Ryan Lowe on loan from Bury until the end of the season .
zebras have been on the loose in the Belgian city of Antwerp .
A 13-year-old girl has been reported missing from her home in Greater Manchester .
A couple have been reunited with a cycling medal and jewellery stolen 10 years ago after they were found by police divers in the River Thames in London .
BBC Northern Ireland has won three awards at the Irish Television Festival .
Two men have appeared in court charged with the murder of a woman who was shot in the head .
A priest has apologised after telling children  Father Christmas is not real '' .
In the olden days , if you wanted to know what was going on in Moscow , you would have to go back to the days of the Cold War , when the Soviet Union and the United States were locked in a war of words .
Southport have sacked manager Steve Burr and assistant Paul Watson after a poor run of results .
Sale Sharks hooker Vadim Cobilas will leave the club at the end of the season to join French side Bordeaux-Begles .
In the days before she was killed , Qandeel Baloch posted a defiant message on her Facebook page .
The organisers of a Celtic music festival have launched an augmented reality experience .
The video for Kasabian 's new single has been criticised for using the word  psycho '' to describe people with mental health problems .
Supermarket giant Tesco has bought the Giraffe restaurant chain for an undisclosed sum .
A man has been jailed for 10 years for raping a woman over a 25-year period .
Archaeologists believe they have uncovered the first evidence of people living in Scotland 3,000 years earlier than previously thought .
Brett D'Oliveira and Daryl Mitchell hit centuries as Worcestershire took control against Derbyshire at the County Ground .
A man and a woman have escaped injury in an arson attack in Cookstown , County Tyrone .
A woman who answered the door to a man who was shot in the leg in west Belfast has said she thought it was a burglar .
The UK is to reopen its embassy in Iran , nearly four years after it closed following an attack by protesters .
The islands of Palau , a chain of coral atolls in the South Pacific , are a popular tourist destination .
The city of Bloomington in the US state of Indiana has renamed its two national holidays , Columbus Day and Good Friday , to reflect its diversity .
The agriculture minister has said she is hopeful that Northern Ireland pork will soon be exported to China .
Former Doctor Who actress Janet Johnston is to appear in the fifth series of Downton Abbey .
Germany 's central bank , the Bundesbank , has called on the government to raise the retirement age to 69 .
Jared Payne is a doubt for Ireland 's Six Nations match against England at Twickenham on Saturday .
Norwich City assistant manager Richard Money has said he wants to return to management .
The environment minister did not break the ministerial code by approving a controversial planning framework , the High Court has heard .
North Wales Police and Dyfed-Powys Police have been told they need to improve by inspectors .
A former soldier , an ex-police officer and a civilian have been jailed for trying to smuggle guns into the UK .
Gourmet Burger Kitchen , one of the UK 's best-known burger chains , has been sold .
Sony is to stop making its e-book reader , the PRS-T3, in Europe .
The most senior judge in Northern Ireland has said the British government has a legal obligation to fund inquests into the Troubles .
The controversial Kudankalum nuclear power station in the southern Indian state of Tamil Nadu has begun generating electricity .
The new Formula 1 season gets under way in Australia this weekend .
The public inquiry into the activities of Stakeknife , a former IRA informer , is due to begin in Belfast later .
Preston North End have signed Aston Villa midfielder Jordan Robinson on a three-year deal and Fulham defender Ben Pringle on a two-year contract .
Poorer children are more likely to be involved in violent crime , according to a new study .
Sky has launched a mobile service that piggybacks on O2 's network .
Dr John Hinds , one of Northern Ireland 's leading trauma experts , has died after a motorbike accident in the Republic of Ireland .
MSPs on Holyrood 's finance committee have backed the Scottish government 's plans to reform council tax .
The introduction of a 5p charge for single-use plastic bags in England has been blamed for a factory closure .
Aberdeen City Council has voted to abandon the controversial City Garden Project .
A 46-year-old man has been arrested by police investigating phone hacking .
A facsimile of the Magna Carta has been unveiled at Lincoln Castle to mark the 800th anniversary of the document 's sealing .
Rafael Nadal has confirmed he will play at the Aegon Championships at Queen 's Club in June .
Nigeria 's government says it has shut down a radio station supporting the creation of a breakaway state of Biafra .
Alton Towers has defended its response to the rollercoaster crash .
The Queen can do an impressive Norfolk accent , her cousin has said .
Mark Connolly scored the only goal of the game as Crawley beat Blackpool at Broadfield Stadium .
The Met Office has issued a weather warning for heavy rain across south and mid Wales on Monday .
British Swimming performance director Bill Scott has resigned following a review into the team 's performance at the London 2012 Olympics .
Manchester and London have been chosen to host the 2019 World Taekwondo Championships .
A charity has warned of a  crisis of low pay and poor conditions '' in Scotland .
Imagine waking up to a surprise guest at your school .
Swansea council has stepped in to save the city 's half marathon .
British Airways cabin crew are to stage a 24-hour strike from 6 January in a dispute over pay , the Unite union has said .
A boy who suffers from a sleep disorder caused by a flu jab has been awarded # 100,000 in compensation .
Competing in the Olympics while heavily pregnant is no easy task .
Brentford defender Tom Dallison has signed a new one-year contract with the Championship club .
Former children 's laureate Charlotte Blackman is to have her book Noughts and Crosses dramatised for BBC One .
An album of signatures from members of the Dambusters raid on dams in Germany during World War II has sold at auction for # 3,300 .
Actress Michele Morgan , who won the Palme d'Or at the Cannes Film Festival in 1946 , has died at the age of 93 .
The chairman of the Scottish Police Authority -LRB- SPA -RRB- has said he is  concerned '' about plans to close a control room in Aberdeen .
Microsoft has announced a new version of Minecraft for schools .
The prime minister has said the Conservatives would cut the top rate of income tax to 40p , if they win the election .
The US presidential nomination process is a bit like a game of musical chairs .
British number one Johanna Konta will play at the Aegon Classic in Nottingham in June .
Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi is visiting Silicon Valley for the first time .
Manchester United striker Anthony Martial is a  top talent '' , says manager Jose Mourinho .
Fans were allowed to attend Wrexham 's National League game against Chester despite being kept apart by police .
Stoke City captain Ryan Shawcross has been ruled out for up to four weeks with a hamstring injury .
A former friend of the parents of Liam Fee has spoken of her shock at their conviction for his murder .
England won the Women 's Six Nations title for the first time with a comfortable victory over Ireland in Cork .
One of Britain 's most notorious serial killers , who was diagnosed with schizophrenia after his arrest , could be moved to prison .
The first Americans to set sail for Cuba in the early 19th Century set sail from New York on a small wooden boat called the  Yankee '' .
A Fife-based interior fittings firm is to open a new office in London as part of a drive to expand its business .
The shortlist for the BBC Sports Personality of the Year 2013 will be revealed on Tuesday .
Portsmouth Supporters ' Trust -LRB- PST -RRB- chairman Peter Brown has urged fans not to give up on the club 's takeover .
A large mako shark has been caught by a fishing team off the Pembrokeshire coast .
Cameroon has been accused by the UN refugee agency -LRB- UNHCR -RRB- of forcibly returning thousands of refugees to Nigeria .
On Tuesday , the judge presiding over the Caster Semenya sex abuse case asked me to take a week off .
Zimbabwean police have fired tear gas and rubber bullets to disperse protesters in the capital , Harare .
A black detective was investigated for making up an allegation that a monkey had been placed on his desk , the BBC has learned .
The Monaco Grand Prix is one of the world 's most prestigious motor racing events , but how do you get there ?
When the US invited Iran to take part in the talks on Syria in Vienna on Friday , it was a chance for Tehran to show its commitment to the Syrian people .
Australia 's economy grew by a better-than-expected 0.8% in the first quarter of the year , helped by exports .
An exploratory drilling permit has been granted for an oil and gas project in Pembrokeshire .
Firefighters have rescued 17 people from a block of flats in Glasgow after a fire broke out on the third floor .
Jailed South African athlete Oscar Pistorius has suffered a setback in his bid to be released on house arrest .
The family of the American journalist , Marie Colvin , has filed a lawsuit against the Syrian government .
A rare sea turtle which washed up on an Anglesey beach has been moved to a new home .
China 's top environmental official has called for a radical shift in the country 's economic development .
Tax experts from the so-called Big Four accountancy firms have rejected claims that they are helping companies to avoid tax .
Worcestershire 's signing of South Africa pace bowler Kyle Abbott for the second half of the season is  exciting '' for the county , says Andy Mason .
An MP has called for an investigation into a controversial scheme which allowed the government to buy buildings now and pay later .
An electronic prescribing system for medicines should be brought in as soon as possible , the Welsh Audit Office has said .
The RSPCA 's role as a prosecutor should be separated from its political and commercial activities , an MP has said .
Great Britain 's performance at the Rio Olympics has been hailed as a success .
South Sudan booked their place in the next round of the qualifiers for the 2018 Africa Cup of Nations with a 2-0 away win over DR Congo on Sunday .
Authorities in Australia 's New South Wales -LRB-NSW -RRB- state are assessing the damage caused by record-breaking storms over the past four days .
Matthew Morgan has signed for Cardiff Blues on a two-year deal .
The remains of a teenage girl found in a sinkhole in Mexico have been identified by scientists .
Tanzania 's health minister has been criticised on Twitter for saying that homosexuals should be put to death .
If you want to know what BP is up to , there are two things you need to know .
Alex Hales hit the fastest-ever Twenty20 century for Nottinghamshire against Durham .
Natural gas and oil prices have risen sharply after Russia said it would cut supplies to Ukraine .
Video replays have been used for the first time in a match in the United States .
The third one-day international between England and Sri Lanka at Bristol was abandoned without a ball bowled because of rain .
A US woman who was found three weeks after being kidnapped had a message branded on her skin , police say .
A group of armed men have taken over a federal building in the US state of Oregon in a protest over the imprisonment of two local ranchers .
The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge will attend a service to mark the 20th anniversary of the death of Princess Diana , Kensington Palace has said .
British number three Aljaz Bedene beat Croatia 's Borna Coric to reach the second round of the Marseille Open .
Hong Kong officials have unveiled plans for a new high-speed railway terminal , which they say will be the first of its kind in the world .
Algeria beat Qatar 1-0 in their opening 2018 World Cup qualifier in the Algerian capital Algiers .
Senegal drew 1-1 with Ecuador in their final Group F match at the Under-20 World Cup in South Korea .
Welsh Secretary Alun Cairns has spoken of his  emotional '' farewell to David Cameron .
The first female head of the Army 's training academy , Sandhurst , has been appointed .
-LRB- Close -RRB- : Stocks on Wall Street closed lower after the release of the latest US jobs figures .
Super League champions Leeds Rhinos are facing a # 1m bill to repair their flood-hit training ground .
Russian President Vladimir Putin has criticised the decision to ban Russian athletes from the Paralympic Games .
As the Olympic Games get under way , London 's transport system is under scrutiny .
World number one Novak Djokovic beat Kei Nishikori in straight sets to win the Rogers Cup in Montreal .
League One side Oldham Athletic have signed Bury striker Jordan Flores on a season-long loan deal .
Manager Pedro Caixinha was pleased with Rangers ' display in the 0-0 draw with Hearts at Ibrox .
An elderly woman has died after a lorry crashed into a block of flats in Largs , North Ayrshire .
Robbie Simpson scored twice as Exeter eased to victory over 10-man Crewe at St James Park .
A tennis fan in Aberdeen has placed a # 100,000 bet on Andy Murray to win the Australian Open .
The family of a woman who was murdered by her ex-partner have lost an appeal at the Supreme Court .
The Vatican has begun the process of electing a new Pope .
A drug used to treat osteoporosis could help prevent the failure of joint replacements , research suggests .
A 17-year-old boy has been stabbed to death in Bristol .
More money is needed to improve transport in the north of England , according to a group of Labour MPs .
Zlatan Ibrahimovic says he will retire from international football after Sweden were knocked out of the World Cup play-offs .
Ferrari 's Fernando Alonso held off the challenge of Red Bull 's Sebastian Vettel and McLaren 's Jenson Button to win the Hungarian Grand Prix .
East Midlands Airport is celebrating its 50th anniversary .
Fifty years ago , The Beatles played their first gig in Liverpool 's Cavern Club .
The Prince of Wales and the Duchess of Cornwall are to visit Australia and New Zealand in November .
It 's a bit of a puzzle to me .
Former Sussex batsman Murray Goodwin has returned to the club as assistant head coach .
Comedian Steve Coogan and ex-England footballer Paul Gascoigne have accepted undisclosed damages over phone hacking .
Wales men 's hockey team have been relegated to the EuroHockey B Division after losing to Scotland in the final of the European Championships .
Swansea City 's players have paid for the tickets of the club 's supporters for the final two games of the season .
To Kill a Mockingbird is one of the greatest books of all time .
A DNA profile found on a jacket allegedly used in an acid attack on a journalist matched one of the accused , a court has heard .
Regulators in the US have said crypto-currency ventures must register with them .
Guy Martin has been confirmed as John McGuinness ' team-mate for this year 's Lightweight TT .
Bonuses are being offered to GPs in England to reduce the number of patients seen in hospital .
Community health councils -LRB- CHCs -RRB- are calling for a shake-up of their role in the NHS in Wales .
The Scottish Parliament by-election triggered by the resignation of an MSP is to be held on 4 May .
Early treatment with HIV drugs dramatically reduces the risk of transmitting the virus to others , a major study suggests .
Part of the railway line has been reopened after a fire at a factory in Rotherham .
She is a hammer thrower who started out as a ballet dancer .
A man has appeared in court charged with attempting to murder a police officer .
Campaigners are calling for a women 's clinic for survivors of female genital mutilation -LRB- FGM -RRB- in Wales .
Dixons Carphone , the UK 's biggest mobile phone retailer , has said it is considering a UK exit from the European Union .
An international team of scientists has shed new light on the asteroid strike that wiped out the dinosaurs .
-LRB- Close -RRB- : Wall Street markets ended the day little changed as investors assessed the latest batch of corporate results .
BBC Sport 's football expert Mark Lawrenson is predicting the outcome of every game at the 2014 Fifa World Cup .
Tottenham manager Mauricio Pochettino says his side must improve their mentality after they were knocked out of the Champions League .
A woman who was  lovebombed '' by a man she met on a dating website has spoken of her ordeal .
A plan to improve the careers of staff working with young children has been unveiled .
A law firm is investigating after a poster offering legal help to survivors of the Grenfell Tower fire was displayed in its London office .
A man who phoned in a hoax bomb threat to a hospital has been jailed .
The future of JogScotland is in doubt after the Scottish government withdrew funding .
If you 're a fan of Russian wine , you may want to think again .
A controversial anti-Islam campaigner has been allowed to stand in UKIP 's leadership contest .
The government has announced plans for a new compensation scheme for victims of the asbestos-related cancer Mesothelioma .
Wales coach Robin McBryde says the Judgement Day double-header against the Ospreys and Scarlets could have an impact on the British and Irish Lions squad .
The actor who plays Charlie Sheen 's son in US sitcom Two and a Half Men has said he is quitting the show .
Donegal take on Galway in Saturday 's All-Ireland Football qualifier match at Ballybofey .
Mexico 's governing Institutional Revolutionary Party -LRB- PRI -RRB- is on course to win a majority in parliamentary elections , preliminary results show .
A 16-year-old boy has died after being hit by a lorry in south-west London .
Fewer Americans have a college degree than ever before , according to a Federal Reserve survey .
A man has been charged with possessing an offensive weapon .
The man who killed 77 people in Norway last year has written to the government complaining about his prison conditions .
Police are investigating a cyber-attack on the Carphone Warehouse website .
The jury in the trial of a man and his brother accused of murdering his lover has retired to consider its verdict .
Prince George 's first birthday is to be marked with a 5 coin , the Royal Mint has announced .
A machine used to decrypt German messages during World War II has been found in a shed in Essex .
Four London councils have spent more than # 600,000 on legal action against Heathrow Airport 's third runway , it has emerged .
Charlton Athletic have released midfielder Reza Ghoochannejhad and defender Thiago Motta .
A man has been jailed for the manslaughter of a man in Essex .
A memorial plaque has been unveiled for a teacher who was murdered in her classroom .
Zlatan Ibrahimovic 's arrival at Manchester United would be a  holy grail '' for the club , according to an expert .
Four people have been arrested in a series of anti-terror raids across France , police say .
Grandparents would be allowed to work for free if Labour wins power , the party has said .
Matt Halkett 's injury-time header gave Livingston a dramatic victory over champions Rangers at Ibrox .
Manchester City 's unbeaten start to the season came to an end as Burnley fought back to earn a point at Etihad Stadium .
A man has been charged with involvement in the Paris attacks , Belgian prosecutors say .
Chelsea winger Victor Moses could be recalled from his season-long loan at Stoke , says Potters boss Mark Hughes .
The head of Google , Eric Schmidt , has warned against the spread of mini-drones as weapons of war .
A driver is in a critical condition in hospital after a crash in Aberdeenshire .
-LRB- Close -RRB- : US stocks closed higher on Monday , boosted by strong results from Bank of America .
A Fakenham-owned three-year-old has won the King George VI and Queen Elizabeth Stakes at Ascot .
Ireland 's Intercontinental Cup match against the Netherlands ended in a draw after rain prevented any play on the final day at Malahide .
Masked men who blew up a cash machine in North Lanarkshire are being sought by police .
Jamie Murray and Bruno Soares lost in the semi-finals of the ATP World Tour Finals but remain on course for the doubles title .
Petra Vondrousova beat Anett Kontaveit in straight sets to win her first WTA title at the Prague Open .
A man has died in a two-car crash in Manchester .
Labour 's leadership candidates have been accused of being  desperate '' after some supporters were told their vote would be discounted .
Israel 's prime minister has warned of a  fierce punitive '' response after the death of an 18-year-old man .
Nice striker Mario Balotelli has accused Bastia fans of making monkey noises during Friday 's Ligue 1 match .
-LRB- Close -RRB- : The UK 's benchmark share index opened lower , as investors digested the Bank of England 's latest interest rate decision .
A woman who stabbed a pensioner to death after a row over money for sex has been jailed .
Heavy shelling has been reported in the rebel-held eastern Ukrainian city of Donetsk .
A four-month-old baby boy was killed by a family dog while being held in his mother 's arms , an inquest has heard .
A man who posted intimate images of women he knew online has been given a 12-month community order .
Chinese e-commerce giant Alibaba has filed for an initial public offering -LRB- IPO -RRB- on the New York Stock Exchange .
The cities of Rishikesh and Haridwar , in northern India , have been used to study the spread of antibiotic resistance .
Palestinian leader Mahmoud Abbas has urged US President-elect Donald Trump not to move the US embassy in Israel from Tel Aviv to Jerusalem .
Lancashire 's chief constable has warned the county 's police force could be at risk of closure .
Striker Jon Walters is expected to be fit for the Republic of Ireland 's opening Euro 2016 match against Sweden on Monday , 13 June .
French club Toulon have made an approach to play in the Premiership next season .
A 23-year-old man has been arrested in connection with the death of a man in Midlothian .
South Africa 's anti-doping laboratory has been suspended by the World Anti-Doping Agency -LRB- Wada -RRB- .
Workers at a County Antrim glass factory have been told they face redundancy .
Thousands of people have taken part in Tenby 's annual Boxing Day sea swim .
Arthur the dog was a stray who had been abandoned by his owner .
An allegation of sexual abuse against former Labour MP Lord Janner is being investigated by police in Scotland , the BBC understands .
The US government is planning to ban drivers from using built-in electronic devices while driving .
An American tourist has been gang raped in the northern Indian state of Himachal Pradesh .
Mourners have gathered in the Iraqi capital , Baghdad , to bury those killed in clashes on Friday .
Mae tm yn ymddangos am y 150fed tro i'r Scarlets , yn l ym mis Chwefror .
Microsoft and Facebook are teaming up to build the world 's largest internet cable .
The Sydney Sixers beat the Brisbane Heat in a super over to set up a Big Bash final against Perth Scorchers .
Chinese shares traded higher on Monday despite disappointing trade data .
A pedestrian is in a critical condition in hospital after being hit by a bus in Gwynedd .
N-Dubz have said they were surprised to get four nominations at this year 's Mobo Awards .
Harrison Ford has said he has always wanted to reprise his role as Indiana Jones .
Newcastle United manager Rafael Benitez and Sunderland counterpart Sam Allardyce say they will fight until the end to avoid relegation .
Pakistan 's Inter-Services Intelligence -LRB- ISI -RRB- agency has said it is  an embarrassment '' for the country after the US raid that killed Osama Bin Laden .
The owners of Blackpool Football Club are taking legal action against a fans ' website .
Immigration Minister Michael Harrington has refused to say how many Syrian refugees have arrived in the UK .
England one-day captain Eoin Morgan and Paul Stirling hit centuries as Middlesex beat Kent by eight wickets in the One-Day Cup at Lord 's .
A man spilt a bottle of milk on the floor after being told to return it to Tesco in Llandrindod Wells , Carmarthenshire .
The US military has condemned the Afghan government 's decision to release 37 prisoners .
Liam Main scored the only goal of the game as Oldham beat Southend to boost their League One survival hopes .
Police searching for a missing woman have found a body .
Newly-promoted National League side Lincoln City have signed Scunthorpe United midfielder Nathan Davis on a two-year deal .
Two men have appeared in court charged in connection with the theft of # 20,000 worth of biscuits from a south Wales factory .
Four more teenagers have been arrested in connection with the murder of a man in north Belfast on Saturday .
A man has been taken to hospital after being hit by a car on the A96 in Aberdeen .
Former Netherlands midfielder Wesley Sneijder has joined French side Nice .
Madagascar 's parliament has voted to impeach President Hery Rajaonarimampianina .
A motorcyclist has admitted causing the death of a cyclist .
Some protesters at a counter-demonstration were  intent on violence '' , police have said .
The government is expected to introduce 15 Brexit-related bills before the UK leaves the EU , according to the Institute for Fiscal Studies -LRB- IFG -RRB- .
Tottenham came from behind to beat Swansea City and keep up the pressure on Premier League leaders Leicester .
England 's opening Women 's Rugby World Cup match against New Zealand will be shown live on BBC One .
It 's been a busy week for London Underground workers .
Russia , Iran and Turkey have agreed to set up safe zones in Syria in a bid to end the country 's six-year war .
Playboy magazine is to stop publishing photos of naked women .
US tycoon Donald Trump has vowed to take legal action after the Scottish government approved plans for an offshore wind farm off Aberdeen .
The opening of a new road bridge across the River Clyde in Aberdeen has been delayed until next month .
If you were sexually abused as a child or young person by Jimmy Savile , or if you have information about his activities , you can contact the police .
The Cassini probe has made its final pass of Saturn .
The sport of amputee football has been going for many years south of the border , but now a charity is trying to form a Scotland-wide league .
A drug dealer who stored heroin in his home to pay off a debt has appeared in court .
Ancient human settlements in the Brazilian Amazon may have been much earlier than previously thought , according to new research .
Swansea City 's under-20s have won the Welsh Youth Cup for the first time .
England have named three uncapped players in their squad for the 2017 Six Nations .
The Serious Fraud Office -LRB- SFO -RRB- has been ordered by the High Court to pay the legal costs of the case against six men accused of a multi-million pound fraud .
Hibernian manager Neil Lennon praised his side 's character after they came from behind to beat Rangers at Ibrox .
Derby County have signed midfielder Curtis Davies from Hull City for an undisclosed fee .
England fans are  confident '' ahead of the team 's final World Cup group match against Italy , according to researchers .
Have you ever wondered what it would be like to live next to a Tyrannosaurus rex ?
Brazilian police investigating alleged illegal ticket sales at the Rio Olympics say they want to question International Olympic Committee president Thomas Bach .
Planning permission has been granted for the construction of a wind farm on Skye .
Gaming platform Steam has struck a deal with film and TV studio Lionsgate .
Blackpool have signed Aston Villa goalkeeper Ben Allsop on a two-year deal , with the option of a further 12 months , and Liverpool striker Jordan Cooke on a season-long loan .
A Glasgow restaurant and patisserie chain has closed with the loss of 70 jobs .
The way schools in England are funded is to be overhauled , Education Secretary Nicky Morgan has announced .
Theresa May has been urged to explain why cuts to police numbers in England and Wales were linked to the London terror attack .
A Russian long jumper has won her appeal to compete at the Rio Olympics .
South Korea 's An Byeong-hun shot a final-round 66 to win the PGA Championship at Wentworth .
A man has admitted killing his estranged wife in their home .
The owner of one of Wales ' most popular tourist attractions has said he is  devastated '' after it was flooded .
Scientists have decoded the genetic code of a hunter-gatherer who interbred with Neanderthals .
A new Welsh-medium secondary school is to be built in Denbighshire .
The Israeli general election campaign has been a long time coming .
A corn snake has been found in a van in Swansea .
Championship side Fulham have signed Eintracht Frankfurt goalkeeper Alexandros Petsos on loan until the end of the season .
A man has been arrested for  sleepwalking '' in Manchester city centre .
Former Greek Prime Minister Lucas Papademos has been injured in an explosion in his car in central Athens .
British cyclist Becky Williamson says she is  here to live another day '' after surviving a serious crash at the European Track Championships in Rotterdam .
French champions Paris St-Germain have signed Real Madrid forward Jese Rodriguez on a five-year deal .
A court in Greece has found former Pasok party minister George Papaconstantinou guilty of doctoring a document to hide a list of Greeks with Swiss bank accounts .
Nicky Ajose 's stoppage-time penalty earned Charlton a 1-1 draw at Gillingham .
A therapy that retrains the immune system to tolerate peanuts has been hailed as a  significant advance '' in peanut allergy research .
People who live outside of Wales should not be allowed to stand as assembly candidates , it has been claimed .
James Corden is to bring his US talk show The Late Late Show to the UK .
Restrictions imposed on bus companies in Bristol nearly 30 years ago are to be reviewed by the competition watchdog .
Joe Root has been confirmed as England 's new Test captain , following the resignation of Alastair Cook .
James Horan has been elected as the new president of the GAA .
The boss of Nissan has said his company 's sponsorship of the Olympic Games in Rio will help boost sales in Brazil .
The government has admitted it is in breach of EU law over air pollution , the High Court has heard .
A former police community support officer -LRB- PCSO -RRB- has been jailed for two years for stealing thousands of pounds from passengers at Gatwick Airport .
Guinea is celebrating the first anniversary of being declared free of the Ebola virus .
Tinie Tempah is a man of few words .
Transport for London -LRB- TfL -RRB- has said it has hired more than 500 extra staff to work on the Night Tube .
The number of people killed by flash floods in Japan has risen to 11 , the government says .
Former world number one Tiger Woods says he is concerned about the number of tournaments he will play this year .
Robert Crofts says his loan move to Gillingham was a  tough decision '' .
The parents of a baby at the centre of a custody battle have spoken of their  heartbreaking '' experience .
Delegates from around the world are in Zurich this week for the annual congress of Fifa , the sport 's world governing body .
A 67-year-old Pembrokeshire man has been jailed for a string of sex offences against a young girl .
A man has been arrested on suspicion of murder after a man was stabbed to death in Birmingham .
Action Man is one of the most iconic toys of the 20th Century , but over the past 50 years its popularity has waned .
French Ligue 1 side Lille have signed winger Naim Sliti from Paris FC for an undisclosed fee .
Motorists have been warned to expect further delays to roadworks on the A55 and A483 in Chester .
Deputy First Minister Martin McGuinness has withdrawn from a trade mission to China .
UK Brexit Secretary David Davis and Scottish Brexit Minister Mike Russell have agreed to work together .
A car has crashed into a building in Edinburgh city centre after being pursued by police .
In a classroom at the Singapore Management University -LRB- SMU -RRB- , a group of students are sitting down for a lecture .
A man has put his collection of Doctor Who memorabilia up for auction .
Canada 's Adam Hadwin held on to win his first PGA Tour title at the CareerBuilder Challenge in California .
Ipswich ended a 10-game winless run with a comfortable victory over QPR .
The High Court ruling that Parliament must vote on when to start the process of leaving the EU is  questionable '' , the deputy leader of the Conservative Party has said .
Homelessness is a big problem for young people in the UK .
Russia 's justice ministry has branded one of the country 's main opposition pollsters a foreign agent .
An investigation into a fatal helicopter crash in Norway has found evidence of fatigue in the main gearbox .
The Raith Rovers manager , Jimmy Nicholl , had a plan .
Great Britain can win the Davis Cup as a one-man team , but everyone has to play their part .
Hackers who stole $81m -LRB- # 59m -RRB- from Bangladesh 's central bank had access to the bank 's network , officials say .
In January , Theresa May gave a speech on the UK 's future relationship with the EU .
The United States Soccer Federation has announced new rules to protect young players from concussions .
A 25-year-old man has been jailed after pleading guilty to two counts of grievous bodily harm with intent .
US President Barack Obama has met Philippine President Rodrigo Duterte at a regional summit in Laos , officials say .
French police have shot dead two people in a car near the Tour de France finish line in Paris .
Work has begun to expand Scotland 's largest container terminal .
If you 've ever wondered what it takes to become a professional wrestler , then you 're in luck .
Sterling has continued to fall against other major currencies as worries over the UK 's EU referendum continue to rattle investors .
Wigan Warriors coach Shaun Wane has urged fans to give Super League a  pat on the back '' after his side beat Cronulla Sharks to win the World Club Series .
A British man is to be charged with causing the death of his pregnant girlfriend in Thailand .
Two men have been injured in a street attack in East Lothian .
The remains of World War One training trenches and tunnels have been uncovered in Wiltshire .
A court in India has begun hearing evidence against Bollywood star Salman Khan over a hit-and-run case in which a homeless man was killed .
A fire at a 16th Century hall in Manchester is being treated as suspicious , police have said .
A music festival has been cancelled because of bad weather .
Leinster maintained their perfect start to the Pro12 season with a bonus-point win over Cardiff Blues .
A brutal and sustained '' surgeon who repeatedly stabbed patients has had his jail term increased to 12 years .
A small island off the coast of western Japan is being overrun by cats .
Scientists say they have identified the earliest embryos of a dinosaur .
One of Malaysia 's richest women , Khong Kim Swee , is on a mission to feed the hungry .
A strike by college lecturers in Glasgow over pay has been called off .
A senior investment banker has been banned from working in the City for life after he avoided paying rail fares by boarding a train without buying a ticket .
Four people have been rescued after getting into difficulty on Ben Nevis .
US President Barack Obama has ordered an investigation into an air strike on a hospital in Afghanistan .
The sister of a junior doctor whose body was found in the sea has said she is  devastated '' by her death .
The sister of Arlene Arkinson has told the inquest into her death that the police investigation into her disappearance was mishandled .
South Africa 's Andre Viljoen took five wickets as Derbyshire were bowled out for 187 in the One-Day Cup at Derby .
Fire crews involved in the Alton Towers rollercoaster crash said it was the  most technical '' rescue they had ever tackled .
Google 's net income for the first three months of the year was $ 4.3bn -LRB- # 3bn -RRB- , up 12 % from the same period last year .
Posting grossly offensive material online could lead to criminal charges in England and Wales , prosecutors have said .
The soldier who shot dead his commanding officer had been involved in a close encounter with death or serious violence , it has emerged .
A new Nigerian musical has opened in London 's West End .
Championship side Nottingham Forest have signed Wolves midfielder Adlene Guedioura on loan until the end of the season .
Mura Masa has come fifth in the BBC 's Sound of 2016 list .
Scotland 's deputy first minister is to update MSPs on the government 's response to the Supreme Court ruling on the Named Person Act .
Ladies ' Day at Aintree is one of the biggest days of the year for women in Liverpool , and for many it is a chance to show off their fashionable side .
Jos Buttler hit the fastest century in one-day international history as England beat Pakistan in the fourth match of the series at Edgbaston .
The remains of a 17th Century stately home have been removed from the site of a house fire in Gloucestershire .
-LRB- Close -RRB- : Shares in online bookmaker William Hill fell more than 7% after the company reported a loss .
The winners of the 2011 Nobel Peace Prize have been announced at a ceremony in Oslo .
John Dodd has been named the best-selling British artist of the 1960s .
Leeds Rhinos prop Ryan Galloway has been ruled out for the rest of the season with a ruptured Achilles .
A woman who embezzled thousands of pounds from the Rangers Supporters ' Association Boys Club has been given a community payback order .
Plans to cut the number of councils in Wales are  not an option '' , the deputy leader of Labour in the assembly has said .
A major search has been launched for a 64-year-old man who has been missing from his home in Ayrshire for a week .
A new curriculum is being introduced in Scotland 's secondary schools .
One of the country 's oldest outdoor public toilets has been restored .
John Roache has been elected as the new general secretary of the GMB union .
Surrey captain Gareth Batty has signed a new one-year contract with the county .
The Conwy Valley rail line has been closed for several days due to flooding , Network Rail has said .
The mayor of London has written to the prime minister urging her to back a second runway at Gatwick Airport .
Portsmouth began their League Two campaign with a 1-1 draw against 10-man Carlisle at Fratton Park .
Four German women have been arrested in Spain after a flashmob in a seaside town turned into a stampede .
Hungary 's prime minister has said his country will not accept any more migrants , as clashes broke out at a railway station in Budapest .
Dover secured their National League status with a 3-1 win over Chester at the Crabble Athletic Ground .
Four people have been rescued after a speedboat overturned in Brixham harbour .
More than 100 soldiers have been killed or injured in a Taliban attack on an Afghan army base , the defence ministry says .
Prime Minister David Cameron has been urged to abandon his pledge to cut net migration to the tens of thousands if he wins the EU referendum .
A conference to raise awareness of male domestic abuse has been held in Doncaster .
Prime Minister David Cameron has said he will not force his ministers to vote for the UK to leave the EU .
South Africa 's President , Jacob Zuma , is facing a revolt from within his own party over his sacking of the finance minister , Pravin Gordhan .
How do you feel about cold calls and how do you deal with them ?
A pilots ' union is to appeal against a decision to allow the Crown Office and Police Scotland to access the black box from a fatal helicopter crash .
Alviro Petersen hit his second Championship century of the season as Lancashire took control against Gloucestershire at Lord 's .
A woman has been airlifted to hospital after falling 20ft -LRB- 6m -RRB- off a cliff in Dorset .
Two fishermen have been rescued after getting into difficulties off the County Donegal coast .
An artificial intelligence system developed by Google has mastered the art of playing video games .
Schoolchildren across the UK are learning a new language this year .
The French conservative presidential candidate , Francois Fillon , is to make a rare public appearance on Monday .
The last parliamentary session before the general election is almost over .
Matt Tubbs and Roarie Deacon scored late goals as Sutton United came from behind to beat National League rivals Cheltenham Town in the FA Cup second round .
Voting has begun in local and mayoral elections across England and Wales .
More than 1,000 motorists have been breathalysed by police in north Wales over the festive period .
On the face of it , England 's win over Italy was an emphatic affirmation of their status as a force to be reckoned with .
Papers are worried about rising tensions between India and China .
Police investigating an attempted abduction near an RAF base have said a man spotted in Essex is  not one of the suspects '' .
Bath are in talks to sign Wales lock Luke Charteris from French club Racing 92 .
Michael Clarke scored a century in his first Test since the death of team-mate Phillip Hughes on Thursday .
Chinese police have arrested a fifth suspect in Thursday 's attack in the city of Urumqi , which left 31 people dead , state media report .
Birmingham City 's Che Adams has had his three-match ban overturned by the Football Association .
A man who stabbed his partner to death during a row over an ice cream has been jailed for 12 years .
American Jason Bohn suffered a mild heart attack during the third round of the Honda Classic in Florida .
Licence fee evasion should be decriminalised , the culture secretary has said .
The Christmas lights , the decorations and the hustle and bustle are all part of London 's history .
The Northern Ireland Executive Office has defended the way it appointed its new press secretary .
Thousands of police have been patrolling the German capital ahead of a friendly match between Germany and France .
A look back at some of the top entertainment stories over the past seven days .
Sir Christopher Lee is to release his first album of metal music , called Metal Knight .
ARM Holdings , one of the UK 's biggest technology firms , has agreed to be bought by Japan 's Softbank in a deal that values the company at about 24bn .
Russian police have carried out a series of raids against suspected members of the Aum Shinrikyo cult .
An independent judge is to review the Metropolitan Police 's handling of historical child abuse allegations .
Glamorgan 's Aneurin Donald and Dai Lloyd made their maiden first-class centuries in a rain-affected friendly against Loughborough .
A Russian airliner that crashed in Egypt last month killing all 224 people on board was brought down by a bomb , Egyptian investigators say .
The Conservative MP for Brentwood and Ongar , Sir Eric Pickles , is to stand down at the general election .
Jonjo Shelvey marked his Newcastle debut with a goal and an assist as the Magpies beat West Ham in the Premier League .
A heavily pregnant woman was threatened with a gun during a burglary at her home in Salford .
Ludwig the piano-playing dog is a big fan of music .
How a company deals with the aftermath of a tragedy can have a huge impact on the long-term future of the company .
Patients should be given a two-week cooling-off period before undergoing any cosmetic surgery , according to new UK guidelines .
The Confederation of African Football -LRB- Caf -RRB- has announced a new sponsorship deal for its competitions .
An academy school in Merseyside is to close its sixth form , it has been announced .
Two brothers who have been named in the England squad for the Six Nations have played rugby for their local club .
As the founder and chief executive of Galex Energy Corporation , a Texas-based oil and gas company , Ehud Barak knows a thing or two about extracting oil .
A general strike has been called in the Darjeeling hills in the eastern Indian state of West Bengal by supporters of a separatist party .
Mercedes driver Lewis Hamilton said his weekend was  very odd '' after a difficult Hungarian Grand Prix .
Uganda 's main opposition leader Kizza Besigye has rejected President Yoweri Museveni 's election victory .
Thousands of people are being evacuated from besieged rebel-held areas of the Syrian city of Aleppo .
Forest Green Rovers twice came from behind to earn a 5-5 draw with Torquay at the New Lawn .
Chelsea midfielder N'Golo Kante has been named the Professional Footballers ' Association Player of the Year .
The Conservatives have increased their majority on Northamptonshire County Council .
Conor McGregor says he is  ready to go to war '' against Floyd Mayweather after being given permission to use 4oz fingerless gloves in Saturday 's fight .
US talk show host Rosie O'Donnell has revealed she had a heart attack .
Wigan Warriors came from behind to beat Castleford Tigers in Super League .
The UK 's vote to leave the EU has triggered a political earthquake across Europe .
US President Donald Trump has dismissed claims by Russian President Vladimir Putin that the US is  innocent '' .
Residents of the US territory of Guam have been reacting to North Korea 's threat to fire a missile towards the island .
Jack Southwell 's stoppage-time strike earned Wycombe a 1-0 win over Stevenage at Adams Park .
A man has been airlifted to hospital after falling in Snowdonia .
The European Space Agency -LRB- Esa -RRB- has successfully sent a spacecraft back to Earth .
A charity has donated 500,000 to help the Glasgow School of Art -LRB- GSA -RRB- rebuild its fire-damaged Mackintosh building .
A hospital has launched a major recruitment campaign in a bid to tackle a shortage of nurses .
A man who hid his girlfriend 's body in a cupboard has been jailed .
Southampton midfielder Mark Stephens is confident the club can turn around their poor run of form .
Dutch investigators investigating the downing of flight MH17 over eastern Ukraine say they have found parts of a missile system .
Police have been granted more time to question five men arrested on suspicion of terrorism offences .
Grimsby Town have signed Mansfield Town striker Shaun Brisley on a two-year deal .
Lauren Chancellor and Maxine Richardson are to star in a new TV adaptation of the classic novel Tilling .
Former Rangers midfielder Barry Ferguson believes Andy Halliday outplayed Scott Brown in Saturday 's Scottish Cup semi-final .
Partick Thistle manager Alan Archibald is in talks with Swindon Town .
Lewis Hamilton secured his 50th Formula 1 win at the United States Grand Prix on Sunday .
A giant ball of ice has been spotted off the coast of Russia .
Hundreds of people have attended the funeral of the last surviving Dambusters pilot .
Two men have been arrested on suspicion of child sexual exploitation .
Comedian Robin Williams ' estranged wife and children have appeared in court in a dispute over his estate .
Russia 's economy contracted in November for the first time in four years , according to official figures .
Moeen Ali 's fine half-century helped England take control of the second Test against West Indies .
The FA Cup semi-final between Chelsea and Tottenham at Wembley will be shown live on BBC One .
Britain 's Shauna Coxsey retained her bouldering world title in China .
China has launched its first internet court , allowing people to resolve legal disputes via video-chat .
Two men armed with a knife have robbed a post office in Glasgow .
In a recent interview , Kenneth Starr , the man who led the inquiry that led to Bill Clinton 's impeachment , praised the former president as  a man who has turned his life around '' .
Laura Muir says she is  gutted '' she will miss the 2018 Commonwealth Games .
As the UK prepares to leave the European Union , the BBC 's Nick Triggle meets a Polish deli owner in Cambridgeshire , whose business has been targeted by hate mail .
St Johnstone were knocked out of the Europa League in the first qualifying round by FK Trakai .
A ceasefire has started in the city of Aleppo in Syria .
Prop Tomas Francis says he is relieved to be back in the Wales team to face Italy in the Six Nations .
Jessica Ennis- Hill , the Olympic heptathlon champion , is taking part in a series of health and fitness events .
British number one Johanna Konta is through to the semi-finals of the Monterrey Open in Mexico .
A service has been held to honour a group of Welsh soldiers who fought in World War One .
Green Day have returned to the top of the UK album chart with their latest release , Revolution Radio .
Scientists at the University of Reading say the Arctic sea-ice cover is likely to continue to shrink this summer .
A British holidaymaker is missing after being swept out to sea in Bulgaria .
Newly-promoted National League side Ebbsfleet have signed striker Luke Mills following his release by National League South club Whitehawk .
More student teacher places are to be made available at Aberdeen and Highlands and Islands universities , the Scottish government has announced .
A teacher who downloaded more than 20,000 indecent images of children has been struck off .
Ireland overcame the loss of captain Paul O'Connell and fly-half Johnny Sexton to beat France and finish top of Pool D .
Fast bowler Harry Gurney says he is excited about the future for Nottinghamshire despite their relegation from County Championship Division One .
A minimum price for alcohol is the most cost-effective way of reducing alcohol-related harm , Public Health England says .
Tottenham midfielder Andros Townsend has been banned from all football-related activity for two years after admitting a Football Association charge of misconduct .
US department store chains including Macy 's , Kohl 's and Nordstrom have reported falling sales as consumers shop online .
Stuart Hogg was a doubt for the British and Irish Lions game against the Crusaders because of a hamstring injury .
A man who forced a woman to engage in sexual activity and filmed it has been jailed for two years .
Argentina is taking legal action against five oil companies operating near the Falkland Islands .
Ulster beat Connacht 1-11 to 0-13 in the Dr McKenna Cup final .
Lancashire opener Liam Livingstone hit an unbeaten half-century to help his side take control against Nottinghamshire at Old Trafford .
Tens of thousands of people have marched in Mexico City to protest against plans to legalise same-sex marriage .
Aston Villa have signed winger Scott Sinclair from Manchester City on a three-year deal for an undisclosed fee .
Rugby Borough Council has confirmed it has held talks with Coventry City about building a new stadium in the borough .
If Scotland are to have any chance of beating world champions Germany in Monday 's World Cup qualifier , they will have to be much better than they were on Friday night .
Newcastle and Gateshead have been chosen to host the Great Exhibition of the North , it has been announced .
The mayor of Liverpool has said he will not hold a referendum on raising council tax following a consultation .
A court in Niger has begun hearing a case against the country 's former energy minister , accused of corruption .
Timo Werner scored twice as RB Leipzig beat Mainz to go level on points with Bundesliga leaders Bayern Munich .
Roger Federer beat Richard Gasquet in straight sets to seal Switzerland 's first Davis Cup title with victory over France .
Britain 's Chris Froome and Colombia 's Nairo Quintana will be his main rivals in the Criterium du Dauphine , says two-time Tour de France winner Alberto Contador .
I 've been following the story of the Tory leadership contest since the EU referendum result was announced .
Wildlife officials in India have fined cricketer Ravindra Jadeja for taking selfies with Asiatic lions .
Bolivian President Evo Morales has announced the nationalisation of the country 's largest electricity company .
The RMT is holding a day of action in protest at what it claims is a lack of investment and safety on Scotland 's railways .
One of the UK 's most successful light shows is to be staged in London next year .
A man suspected of carrying out a series of shootings in the US city of Phoenix has been arrested , police say .
Walsall have signed goalkeeper Scott Brown from Carlisle United on a two-year deal .
US President Donald Trump has signed an executive order aimed at protecting religious freedom .
A former soldier has criticised the closure of the Iraq Historic Abuse Team -LRB- IHAT -RRB- .
A woman who claims her father forced her to marry a man in Saudi Arabia has won the right to return to the UK .
Too many Scottish families are struggling in severe poverty , according to a new report .
Britain 's Hannah Lucas won gold in the Radial class at the RS:X World Cup in Bermuda .
A man who conned two people out of more than # 600 to attend the World Cup has been ordered to pay back the money .
Brian Graham scored a late winner as Ross County beat Linlithgow Rose to reach the Scottish Cup quarter-finals .
Goals from Emanuele Giaccherini and Graziano Pelle gave Italy a deserved victory over Belgium in their Euro 2016 opener .
Northern Ireland defender Paddy McNair has been named in the Milk Cup draw for this summer 's tournament in the United States .
Three Scottish Liberal Democrat MPs have lost their seats in the general election .
Landlords of the UK 's largest care home provider are expected to agree to write off some of the money the firm owes them , the BBC has learned .
Nathan Gill is UKIP 's only Welsh MEP .
Macclesfield boosted their National League play-off hopes with a comfortable win at Wrexham .
For months she 's resisted closing her country 's borders and setting an upper limit on the number of asylum seekers allowed into Germany despite rising , and at times frantic, public and political pressure to do so , including from within her own CDU party .
There has been a rise in the number of patients being discharged from critical care units , according to a Welsh government report .
More than # 100m of funding has been approved for a number of regeneration projects across south Wales .
Carlisle United and Cambridge United played out a goalless draw in League Two .
Northampton Saints prop Josh Brookes has been banned for two weeks for striking an opponent during Saturday 's defeat by Newcastle Falcons .
Eight-year-old Ruweyda is a big fan of music .
A Victorian fort in Pembrokeshire is to reopen to the public .
A gang who sold hundreds of sick and abandoned puppies over the internet have been convicted of animal cruelty offences .
She 's one of the world 's biggest pop stars .
A zebra that escaped from a farm in Japan has drowned in a lake after being chased by police .
Scientists are implanting tiny tracking devices into slugs in fields across the UK .
Thieves have used a dumper truck to smash into a bank and steal a cash machine .
A man who fraudulently claimed almost # 40,000 in benefits has been jailed for eight months .
The Hashemite Kingdom of Jordan is one of the most important countries in the Middle East .
Scientists have built 10 generations of robots , each one better than the last .
A row has broken out over a rise in rent at a community hall in Gwynedd .
People who leave rubbish outside their wheelie bins will face fines from next year .
The driver of a tractor-trailer has been charged with human trafficking after more than 100 suspected illegal immigrants were found in the back .
The Democratic Republic of Congo beat Burkina Faso 2-1 to reach the Africa Cup of Nations quarter-finals .
Britain 's Chris Froome is set to win a third Tour de France title on Sunday after surviving a punishing penultimate stage in the Alps .
A Texas police officer has been charged with perjury over the arrest of a black woman who died in custody .
Conor Thomas scored a stoppage-time winner as Swindon beat Millwall 1-0 at the County Ground .
Sports presenter Kirsty Gallacher has been charged with drink-driving .
The number of personal insolvencies in Scotland has risen sharply , according to new figures .
It 's the most important election since the last one .
Former world number one Annika Sorenstam believes England 's Charley Hull has the potential to be a top-10 player in the world .
A police force has been criticised for failing to properly investigate allegations of child sexual exploitation in Rotherham .
Midwives across Northern Ireland are staging a one-day strike on Wednesday in a dispute over pay .
Stem cells have been used to restore the hearing of deaf animals for the first time .
A property tycoon is being investigated over claims he banned tenants because of their curry smell .
A girl whose home was burgled has written an emotional letter to the culprits .
Carmarthenshire council has said it hopes to turn the city 's Guildhall into a museum .
The world 's poorest countries have the highest rates of child marriage , according to a report by Save the Children .
Mosques across the UK are opening their doors to the public in a bid to  break down barriers '' .
As the general election campaign enters its final days , we are starting to get a sense of where the game is being played .
Confidence among UK consumers has fallen to a 22-year low following the Brexit vote , a survey has suggested .
Three hospitals in Bristol and Weston-super-Mare have been placed on a  black alert '' .
Lee Clark 's appointment as the new manager of Kilmarnock has been hailed as a  very good addition '' to Scottish football .
A row has broken out over plans to move a Falklands War memorial in Portsmouth .
Belfast 's Paddy Barnes suffered a shock defeat in his professional debut against Avtandil Slavchev in Belfast .
Two more academies in Telford have been placed in special measures by Ofsted .
A man has been convicted of the manslaughter of a woman who was crushed by falling window frames .
The world 's oldest scientist is celebrating his 106th birthday in China .
Millwall striker Lee Barnard has signed a new two-year contract with the Championship club .
Islamic State -LRB- IS -RRB- has up to 25,000 fighters , up from an earlier estimate of 10,000 , the CIA says .
Wales manager Chris Coleman praised his players after they came from behind to draw 1-1 with Northern Ireland at Cardiff City Stadium .
Facebook has bought a large number of patents from Microsoft after the software giant sold AOL .
An academy chain run by a former government adviser has been criticised by inspectors .
A man who set a new lap record for a car around the Chinese capital , Beijing , has been arrested , state media report .
Former super-middleweight world champion Carl Froch says he is considering a return to the ring .
Ireland 's Mark English won the 800m at the Vaasa meeting in Finland .
It is a city in flux and one which is now , as with the rest of the nation , back in the grip of general election campaigning , following the three-day pause in the wake of the terror attack .
US special forces have reportedly captured an alleged chemical weapons expert working for so-called Islamic State -LRB- IS -RRB- in Iraq .
Championship side Preston North End have signed West Bromwich Albion goalkeeper Anders Lindegaard on a season-long loan deal .
Defending champions Roma lost ground on Serie A leaders Juventus as an own goal from Marco Izzo gave Genoa a 1-0 win .
Fourteen-time major winner Tiger Woods says he has no intention of retiring from golf .
The Ministry of Defence -LRB- MoD -RRB- has told a judge there is  no basis '' for a finding of negligence in a case brought by a former marine who was left paralysed in a diving accident .
Plans to reform the controversial police stop and search policy in England and Wales have been delayed , BBC Newsnight has learned .
Midfielder Milan Lalkovic is back in training with Bristol City .
A British-Iranian woman jailed for five years in Iran has lost an appeal against her sentence , her husband has said .
Tyson Fury beat Dereck Chisora to win the British heavyweight title at Wembley Arena .
A man has been rescued after getting into difficulty in the sea off Bangor , Gwynedd .
Stefan Ah Van scored a hat-trick as Widnes Vikings held on to beat Castleford Tigers in Super League .
A man has died following a three-vehicle crash in Powys .
David Cameron 's government has cut funding for out-of-hours GP surgeries in England by almost 60% , Labour says .
Two men have been arrested in connection with the fatal stabbing of a 43-year-old man in Liverpool .
Farmers in Wales are being urged to work together to secure the future of the dairy industry .
The family of a man missing in Peru have appealed for help to find him .
The father and first husband of murdered British woman Kashif Shahid have appeared in court in Pakistan .
Two crematorium workers have been sacked after wrongly scattering the ashes of a grieving family .
Work is under way to transform a derelict building in the Scottish Borders into a theatre .
A group of people have been rescued after their boat ran aground on an island in Lough Neagh .
Red Bull 's performance in the season-opening Australian Grand Prix was disappointing .
As Taiwan marks the one-year anniversary of the occupation of its parliament by pro-independence activists , the BBC 's James Reynolds meets some of the people who have joined the movement .
The number of prisoners released by mistake in England and Wales has reached a record high , figures show .
A 23-year-old man has been stabbed in the leg in Glasgow .
England manager Sam Allardyce says it is a  great shame '' that the men 's and women 's football teams will not compete at the 2016 Olympics .
A former purchasing manager who stole thousands of pounds from his employer to fund a lavish lifestyle has been ordered to pay back the money .
A 2,000-year-old bronze sculpture is to be returned to India by a museum in Singapore .
An independent report into the anti-doping programme at the Rio Olympics has criticised the lack of detection at the Games .
French President Francois Hollande has paid tribute to the victims of the Paris attacks .
Former Israeli Prime Minister Ehud Olmert has been jailed for 18 months for bribery .
The family of a man from Bristol who went missing in Monaco have said they are  devastated '' after discovering his organs were missing .
Four people have been arrested in Belgium on suspicion of planning a terrorist attack , prosecutors say .
Bristol head coach Andy Robinson says he is  disappointed '' by the manner of Steve Borthwick 's departure from the club .
The son of musician Nick Cave fell to his death from a cliff in Brighton after taking LSD , an inquest has heard .
The US space agency -LRB- Nasa -RRB- has confirmed the first Earth-like planet orbiting another star .
Plans to improve a busy road in Cardiff city centre have been unveiled .
A ferry which hit a pier in the Isle of Man has returned to service .
The UK is to take in some unaccompanied child refugees who have already made it to Europe , the government has announced .
The story was supposed to be a simple one .
The funeral of Constable Ronan Kerr is taking place in Omagh , County Tyrone .
Jockey AP McCoy said he was  very lucky '' to have ended his career in  one piece '' as he celebrated his record-breaking 20th Grand National at Aintree .
A Turkish court has convicted two people smugglers over the death of Alan Kurdi , but acquitted them of causing his death .
Former world number one Luke Donald says he considered quitting golf after his long-term caddie left him .
Rangers manager Mark Warburton has backed Brendan Rodgers to be a success at Celtic .
A man has been found dead in his car in Birmingham .
Jeremy Corbyn has urged Theresa May to split the Grenfell Tower inquiry into two parts .
Police in England and Wales need to do more to ensure appropriate adults are available in custody , a report has said .
A boy who died after being hit by a car has had his organs donated , his mother has said .
When a new manager takes charge of a club for the first time , the first thing they will want to do is change the name .
The number of EU workers in the UK workforce has risen by 11.7% in the past year , according to official figures .
World number one Andy Murray survived a scare from Italian Fabio Fognini to reach the fourth round of Wimbledon .
Glamorgan and Essex meet in the One-Day Cup at the SSE Swalec Stadium in Cardiff .
South Africa are on the brink of defeat in the third and final Test against India as the hosts hold a 2-0 series lead .
Human remains have been discovered during the excavation of a railway line in Peterborough .
Laura Robson had just flown back from Italy , where she had been on holiday .
The head of cycling 's world governing body Brian Cookson says he accepts responsibility for any failings at British Cycling .
The digger had been lying in the garden of Abdul Popal for years .
The music industry has been paying tribute to the late Lana Del Rey .
A murder investigation has been launched after a man was stabbed to death at a house in Hertfordshire .
A 10-year-old boy is in a critical condition after being hit by a car .
A care home has been rated  inadequate '' by the Care Quality Commission -LRB- CQC -RRB- following an inspection .
One of the world 's largest cheetahs has been shot dead in Botswana , conservationists say .
The cultivation of coca , the raw ingredient for cocaine , has increased in Colombia , according to the United Nations .
A cat that went missing more than a year ago has been reunited with his owner after being caught in a warehouse .
Colin Kazim-Richards scored the only goal of the game as Blackburn knocked Arsenal out of the FA Cup .
A ward at a Cardiff hospital has been closed due to an outbreak of norovirus .
Two players from Kilcoo GAA club have been suspended for alleged racist abuse .
MPs have said they are  shocked '' at the use of racist language by deportees on flights from the UK to other countries .
Snow has been causing disruption across parts of England .
West Ham eased into the third round of the FA Cup at Cheltenham Town 's expense .
West Ham have signed striker Emmanuel Emenike on loan from Fenerbahce until the end of the season .
Two people have been taken to hospital after a fire at a block of flats in Glasgow .
Scientists have created a tape recorder that can record the history of a cell .
A flood-hit railway line in Hampshire is to remain closed until May , Network Rail has said .
New Valencia head coach Pako Ayestaran says he would not have taken the job if Gary Neville had not agreed to leave .
An Australian woman has been arrested in Colombia for allegedly trying to smuggle cocaine into the country in headphones .
"When I was a child , you were considered a child if you did not have a job , " says Terry Chebet .
There have been a lot of stories in the news that have made you feel worried .
Jose Fernandez , who has been killed in a boat crash in Florida , was a pitcher for the Miami Marlins baseball team .
A legal challenge to plans for a wind farm in Denbighshire has been heard at the High Court .
The Turkish government has dismissed 543 military personnel , state media say .
Goalkeeper Scott Carson produced a string of fine saves to earn Hartlepool a goalless draw at Portsmouth .
Scotland is lagging behind the rest of the UK when it comes to having basic digital skills , according to a new report .
Driving examiners and coastguard workers are taking part in a series of strikes in a row over jobs .
A look back at some of the top entertainment stories over the past seven days .
The daughter of the late Labour peer Lord Janner has described allegations of historical child sex abuse against him as an  outrage '' .
When asked if she was a British citizen , Johanna Konta laughed .
Facebook has been accused of  trampling '' on privacy laws in Belgium .
No faults were found with the boiler at a flat in Glasgow where two women were found dead , police have said .
The UK economy grew by 0.4% in the second quarter of the year , the Office for National Statistics -LRB- ONS -RRB- has said .
Sports Direct boss Mike Ashley has accused MPs of  deliberately antagonistic '' behaviour after they threatened to charge him with contempt of Parliament .
A collection of film stills from Richard Attenborough 's career has been sold at auction .
The annual Apprentice Boys parade has taken place in Londonderry .
Russell Knox hopes to learn from fellow Scot Sandy Lyle as he prepares to make his Masters debut this week .
As EU leaders meet in Brussels to discuss how to deal with Europe 's migration crisis , they face two key issues .
Drivers are being warned to expect delays as a major upgrade of the M8 motorway takes place .
Jeremy Corbyn has been criticised for saying the killing of Osama Bin Laden was an  assassination attempt '' .
The most distant object in the Solar System has been discovered .
Twenty-five people have been arrested in a series of raids in the United States and Italy .
A charity for people with facial burns has criticised an advert for a conference call service .
A homeless former soldier has been recognised in the Queen 's Birthday Honours list .
Swansea City have been relegated from the Premier League after Hull City lost 4-0 at Crystal Palace .
The Abu Dhabi United Group has invested # 500m in a plan to build hundreds of new homes in Manchester .
Australia thrashed defending champions New Zealand to win the Four Nations .
An 85-year-old woman has died after the car she was driving crashed into a tree in Liverpool .
A booklet to help people register to vote in the EU referendum has been launched .
Sophie Raworth , who has presented Watchdog Daily and Test House for the past three years , is to present a new series of the show .
A man who stabbed a great-grandfather to death after a crash has been found guilty of manslaughter by diminished responsibility .
Britain 's Chris Froome has won the Criterium du Dauphine for the third time .
Turkey 's president has compared Germany to Nazi Germany , in an escalating row between the two countries .
A man who was wrongly convicted of a pub robbery has said his health is deteriorating because he is still waiting for compensation .
Anthony Joshua is like George Foreman or Frank Bruno , says Audley Harrison .
A body set up to advise the Irish government has voted in favour of legalising abortion on a number of grounds .
Turkish warplanes have bombed Islamic State -LRB- IS -RRB- positions in northern Syria , near the border town of Jarablus .
Scottish businesses are optimistic about the year ahead , according to a survey .
Anthony Joshua has a  chink in his armour '' against Wladimir Klitschko , says former world heavyweight champion Lennox Lewis .
The planting of trees that soak up carbon dioxide could help curb climate change , according to scientists in Germany .
Lewis Hamilton headed title rivals Sebastian Vettel and Nico Rosberg in final practice at the Italian Grand Prix .
A letter written by the Princess of Wales about her relationship with the Duke of Edinburgh has been sold at auction .
Wales has the highest take-up of high-speed internet in the UK , according to a report by regulator Ofcom .
A new road linking the east of Cardiff with the bay is to open to traffic .
Concerns have been raised about the future of a flagship museum in Leicestershire .
Bernard Tomic says he will retire from tennis after his second-round defeat by Alexander Zverev at Wimbledon .
Sir Jeffery Amherst , who led the British army in pre-independence north America , is one of the most well-known figures in British history .
As part of BBC News School Report , students across the UK will be making the news for real on 16 March 2017 .
The Scottish Labour Party is holding its spring conference in Aberdeen .
The sale of Dartmoor Hill ponies for human consumption should be banned , campaigners have said .
More than 1,900 Palestinians , including hundreds of children , have been killed , according to the United Nations .
A huge billboard has been erected in County Down in support of a boy who has been diagnosed with cancer .
A number of prescription drugs , believed to be sedatives , have been stolen from a pharmacy in Belfast .
Campaigners have criticised plans to build a new nature centre in a Nottinghamshire forest .
A woman has told a court she had a  struggle for life '' after being raped in an Edinburgh park .
Some of the world 's richest countries are failing to meet their  fair share '' of humanitarian aid to Syria , the charity Oxfam says .
Uefa president Michel Platini is to appeal against his 90-day ban from football 's world governing body Fifa .
League Two side Accrington Stanley have signed former Charlton Athletic striker George Taft on a two-year deal .
Britain 's Hannah Cheshire missed out on a medal in her first World Cup snowboard slopestyle final .
The Colombian government and the country 's largest rebel group , the Revolutionary Armed Forces of Colombia -LRB- Farc -RRB- have announced plans for a UN observer mission to monitor a ceasefire .
The Queen 's Speech has set out the government 's vision for a  progressive '' Britain .
A health trust has pleaded guilty to safety breaches after a patient fell from a roof at a mental health unit .
Refuse collections have resumed in parts of Somerset after a five-week strike .
Manchester United have named defender Luke Shaw in their squad for their pre-season tour of the United States .
So , yes , it was a  big Budget '' .
An MP has accused Jeremy Corbyn of trying to  isolate and ostracise '' his family .
The weaker pound is helping to boost manufacturing and retail activity in Northern Ireland , according to the Ulster Bank .
A councillor has been expelled from the UK Independence Party -LRB- UKIP -RRB- .
Theresa May has been heckled as she met survivors of the Grenfell Tower fire at a church in west London .
A murder investigation has been launched after a man died following a  targeted attack '' in Denbighshire .
Aberdeen 's City Museum will reopen to the public in 2020 , the city council has announced .
The US government has stepped up security for Sunday 's Super Bowl in California , amid fears of a Paris-style attack .
John Terry says he is yet to decide on his next move .
A man who stabbed a pensioner to death in a road rage attack in West Sussex has been given a life sentence .
Jack Marriott scored the only goal of the game as Luton Town beat Leyton Orient in League Two .
A baseball game between the Baltimore Orioles and the Boston Red Sox was played behind closed doors because of protests over the death of a black man in police custody .
A man has been charged with attempting to smuggle drugs and mobile phones into a prison .
A driving instructor who caused a crash which killed an 80-year-old woman has been jailed .
A number of major infrastructure projects are to be discussed later as part of the Glasgow City Deal .
American football star Troy Polamalu has announced his retirement at the age of 33 .
An English man has been crowned Europe 's Strongest Man .
A virtual reality app based on Lewis Carroll 's Alice in Wonderland has been launched in Llandudno .
It 's one of the most anticipated events of the year .
A former soldier who received the Queen 's Gallantry Medal for bravery in Iraq says he has post-traumatic stress disorder -LRB- PTSD -RRB- .
The Archbishop of Canterbury , Dr Rowan Williams , has urged young people to take up religion , in his Easter Sunday sermon .
SeaWorld in San Diego , California , has been banned from breeding new killer whales .
Team Sky 's Sergio Henao has been provisionally suspended by cycling 's governing body amid allegations of data manipulation .
Rangers midfielder Joey Barton has been told to return to full-time training .
Arriva Trains Wales has said it has been forced to cancel some weekend services due to maintenance work on its trains .
Wales Under-20s ended their Junior World Championship campaign with a narrow win over 10-man Italy .
In the summer of 2012 , Miguel Tilli and his wife Magda were sitting on a beach in Lisbon .
Eight people have been arrested after a football match was abandoned following crowd trouble , police have said .
Wimbledon will be played on the middle Sunday for the first time since 2004 because of persistent rain .
A campaign has been launched to buy a former school site in Ceredigion and turn it into a community hub .
A five-year-old boy has been taken to hospital after being hit by a car in North Lanarkshire .
One of the four instruments on the James Webb Space Telescope -LRB- JWST -RRB- is ready to go into orbit .
It 's one of the most dangerous places to be a journalist .
Actress Zsa Zsa Gabor once said :  If you want to be a star , you have to have nine husbands . ''
A former Rabobank trader has pleaded guilty in a US court to conspiring to rig a key interest rate .
Scientists in Edinburgh say they have made a significant breakthrough in regenerative medicine .
National League strugglers Colwyn Bay have sacked manager Paul Lynch after Saturday 's 2-0 defeat at Southport .
Northern Ireland 's Michael Conlan and Paddy Donnelly have been reprimanded by the International Olympic Committee -LRB- IOC -RRB- after placing bets on boxing events .
Plans to demolish a row of hotels to make way for flats and a hotel have been approved .
For a long time in Latin America , there were military dictatorships .
A college lecturer has admitted stabbing his wife to death in a  stabbing frenzy '' .
The number of people killed in a landslide in the north-western Colombian province of Antioquia has risen to 39 , officials say .
A huge fire broke out at an oil recycling plant in Kent on Friday night .
MP Christina Rees has been appointed shadow Welsh secretary by Labour leader Jeremy Corbyn .
Mae l newyddiadurwr yn ymwneud  ffrwydro o fewn tanc Challenger wedi cael ei gynnal .
A community has come together to help dogs who died in a fire at a home in Greater Manchester .
The Obama administration 's top national security adviser has defended her actions during the US election campaign .
A Cardiff man has shared a picture of himself with a colostomy bag to raise awareness of the condition .
South Sudan 's civil war is spiralling out of control , the UN has warned .
India 's biggest online retailer , Flipkart , has raised $ 500m -LRB- # 350m -RRB- from existing investors .
Hungary 's Foreign Minister, Peter Szijjarto , has said his government will not backtrack on controversial laws , despite pressure from the EU .
Galloway may have been the heart of a lost Dark Age kingdom , according to archaeologists .
A man who admitted killing a worker who fell from the roof of a warehouse has been jailed for two years .
A family of Egyptian geese has built a nest inside a cardboard box on a nature reserve .
Scarlets hooker Ken Owens hopes their recent winning run is just a  glitch '' after a poor start to the season .
A malicious software program that disinfects smart devices has infected tens of thousands of devices , according to a security firm .
It 's 70 years since the first atomic bomb was dropped on Hiroshima , Japan .
Scientists have reconstructed the nervous system of an extinct arthropod .
It 's the biggest sporting event in the world - the Olympics .
New York 's Metropolitan Opera has cancelled a live broadcast of an opera about the hijacking of a cruise ship because of concerns over anti-Semitism .
Port Vale manager Bruno Ribeiro has left the club by mutual consent .
One of the key materials needed to build quantum computers has been found to be even better than previously thought .
McLaren Formula 1 boss Eric Boullier says he is realistic about his team 's chances of winning this season .
Oscar-winning actor Sir Roger Moore has appeared in a new film about life changing events .
The results of the Scottish council elections are dominating the front pages of Scotland 's newspapers .
Spanish singer Enrique Iglesias has had surgery on his injured hand .
The cost of diesel has fallen below petrol for the first time in more than a decade .
Plans for a bridge across the River Thames in London have been scrapped , an independent review has found .
More than 100 crocodiles have escaped from a farm in South Africa 's north-eastern Limpopo province , which has been hit by floods .
Former Nottingham Forest manager Billy Davies says he would love to return to the club .
Welsh language campaigners have staged a protest outside the Welsh government in Conwy county .
Adebayo Akinfenwa rescued a point for Wycombe with a late equaliser at Morecambe .
Angelina Jolie 's decision to have a preventive mastectomy has led to a spike in the number of women seeking genetic counselling , say researchers .
SSE has been told it is no longer needed to upgrade the Aberdeen to Inverness power line .
Plans for a new football stadium in Truro have been given a boost by the prime minister .
-LRB- Close -RRB- : US stocks closed lower as the dollar strengthened against other currencies .
An investigation into the so-called Trojan Horse affair has found evidence of an  intolerant and aggressive Islamist ethos '' in some Birmingham schools , a leaked report says .
Acclaimed Welsh artist Helen Williams has returned to the subject of her paintings after a year away .
Great Britain 's Jonnie Lewis won gold in the men 's high jump on the opening day of the Commonwealth Games in Glasgow .
Protests have been held across the Republic of Ireland against rising water bills .
Napoli striker Gonzalo Higuain has been banned for four games after being sent off in Sunday 's defeat by Frosinone .
Crewe Alexandra have signed former Scunthorpe United midfielder Shaun Nolan on a one-year deal .
More than 100,000 people have signed a petition against a proposed free trade deal between the European Union and the United States .
Peterborough United have signed striker Jamie Lloyd from National League side Welling United for an undisclosed fee .
Essex 's batsmen struggled against Derbyshire on day one at Chelmsford .
A man who died after being hit by a car in south-east London has been named by police .
A lecture block at Swansea University is to undergo a # 1m refurbishment .
Liberal Democrat leader Tim Farron has said he supports equal rights for gay and transgender people .
Millwall came from two goals down to beat 10-man Bury 3-2 at Gigg Lane .
A man wanted by police in Australia has responded to an arrest warrant by posting a picture of himself on Facebook .
More than a million older people in England are not getting the care they need because of cuts to council budgets , a report says .
A woman who was made redundant from her job as a community worker in north Belfast has been awarded # 20,000 in damages .
Neymar scored Barcelona 's first goal of the season in a 2-1 defeat at Sevilla in La Liga .
The Taggart brothers , who were once Northern Ireland 's richest men , have offered to repay their debts in full .
The justice secretary has joined the campaign for Britain to leave the European Union .
A gay man and his family are suing a funeral home in the US state of Mississippi , alleging it refused to bury his uncle because he was gay .
A number of jellyfish have been spotted off the north Wales coast .
A reunion is being held to mark the 20th anniversary of the closure of Ipswich 's airport .
Firefighters have broken the world record for the largest naan bread .
The captain of the Italian cruise ship that capsized in 2012 killing 32 people has begun an appeal against his conviction .
Three men who tackled a burglar have been given bravery awards by police .
Calls have been made for the Welsh Government to reconsider funding for a new creative hub in Carmarthenshire .
An 18-year-old man is in a critical condition in hospital after being stabbed in the chest in Belfast city centre .
Generic drug maker Mylan is to launch a cheaper version of its EpiPen , which has been criticised for soaring prices .
One of Italy 's best-known playwrights , Dario Fo , has died at the age of 89 .
A school which was forced to close after staff were accused of making inappropriate comments about its head teacher is to reopen .
A suicide bomber has attacked an Afghan army bus in the capital , Kabul , killing at least four soldiers , officials say .
Plans for a  major '' hydro-electric scheme in north Wales have been withdrawn .
A chef who killed a feral cat in a hotel kitchen has been given a suspended prison sentence .
Ken Morley has apologised for his behaviour on Celebrity Big Brother .
Lukas Jutkiewicz rescued a point for Gianfranco Zola 's Birmingham City in an FA Cup third-round replay at St James ' Park .
The use of contactless payments in the UK has reached record levels , according to industry figures .
A mother accused of killing her two-year-old son by leaving him in a bath has told a court she was  stupid '' not to go upstairs .
A former UKIP parliamentary candidate has resigned after posting offensive comments about US President Barack Obama on Facebook .
Glamorgan 's 2017 T20 Blast fixtures have been announced .
Mobile phone companies could face fines of up to 2m a day if they fail to meet agreed service targets , under new plans from the government .
A former paramedic has been struck off for posting  offensive and derogatory '' comments about a nurse on Facebook .
A 200-year-old pub in a Dorset village has been saved from closure after a community buyout .
A 23-year-old Czech woman who was missing in New Zealand for nearly a month said she survived by rubbing her feet against a sleeping bag .
A West Lothian teenager who became an internet star after being diagnosed with cancer has died .
Images courtesy of Dronestagram and National Geographic .
During World War Two , food was very hard to come by .
An anti-bullying dossier was handed to the chairman of the Conservative Party in 2010 , a Conservative activist has said .
Lenovo , the world 's biggest PC maker , is investigating claims that some of its laptops were pre-installed with adware .
League One side Rochdale have signed Aston Villa defender Jordan Flores on loan until the end of the season .
American football star Brandi Chastain , who scored the winning goal in the 1999 Women 's World Cup , is to donate her brain to research into the effects of concussion .
A legal challenge to the UK 's vote to leave the EU has been dismissed at the High Court in Belfast .
The voluntary London living wage has been set at 9.40 an hour .
Bradford and Oldham played out a 1-1 draw at Valley Parade .
Twenty-five people have been arrested in a campaign against domestic abuse ahead of England 's Euro 2016 matches .
Plans to give English MPs a veto over laws that only apply to England have been unveiled by the government .
Four hillwalkers have been rescued after getting stuck on a cliff ledge on Skye .
Shares in broadcaster Sky have soared after 21st Century Fox said it had made a takeover offer for the company .
A small fire broke out on the set of EastEnders as the soap prepares to celebrate its 30th anniversary .
The veteran broadcaster  Murch has died after a short illness .
A run-off will be held in Ecuador 's presidential election after no candidate won an outright majority in the first round , officials say .
David Cameron has urged Turkey to do more to tackle the threat posed by foreign fighters travelling to Syria and Iraq .
South Korean team SKT Gaming has won the prestigious League of Legends -LRB- LoL -RRB- tournament in the US .
Russian opposition leader Alexei Navalny has been found guilty of embezzlement and sentenced to five years in jail .
Thirty-two people have gone on trial in Saudi Arabia accused of spying for Iran .
A bike hire scheme has been relaunched in Oxfordshire .
East Midlands Ambulance Service -LRB- EMAS -RRB- has been rated  inadequate '' by inspectors .
Work to dismantle part of the pier which collapsed in Aberystwyth has been approved by councillors .
Emergency services in Calderdale have staged their biggest ever flood training exercise .
Some schools are  gaming the system '' by putting in children early for exams , the education minister has said .
More needs to be done to protect children playing rugby , experts say .
An exhibition celebrating the work of Caravaggio has opened at the Scottish National Gallery in Edinburgh .
A team of Iranian girls who were told they wouldn 't be allowed into the US because of visa problems have won a medal .
For centuries the Church of England has been a male-dominated institution .
Two British students have gone on trial in Poland accused of stealing a piece of metal from the Auschwitz death camp .
Petra Kvitova reached the Aegon Classic semi-finals for the first time since a career-threatening hand injury with a 6-2 7-6 (7-4) win over American Madison Brengle .
-LRB- Close -RRB- : Wall Street markets closed slightly higher .
A hat-trick from New Zealand international Nicky Draper helped The New Saints into the fourth round of the Scottish Cup .
A group of grizzly bears in South Africa have been filmed playing with a toy bear .
Channel 4 is to turn off its youth channel E4 on election day , so viewers can vote .
The leader of UKIP 's group in the assembly has accused MEP Nathan Gill of being a  double-job '' .
Teachers do not have a  secure enough grasp of important scientific principles and concepts '' in some science lessons , the education watchdog Estyn has said .
BMW 's first-quarter profits have been boosted by the value of its stake in mapping firm Here .
A rare gold pendant made from a Byzantine coin has been discovered in Norfolk .
The Rugby Football Union 's decision to exclude Lichfield from the new Women 's Super Rugby competition is  disappointing '' , says the club 's director of rugby .
Actress Liesl Carr , who played Liesl von Trapp in The Sound of Music , has died at the age of 83 .
The president of the European Commission , Jean-Claude Juncker , has said he would regret if he had helped multinational companies avoid tax in Luxembourg .
The Scottish government has intervened to stop the closure of a Catholic primary school in East Dunbartonshire .
A body has been found after a house fire in Brighton .
It 's one of the world 's most popular sports , but now wrestling is coming to China .
First Minister Nicola Sturgeon has given her backing to Plaid Cymru leader Leanne Wood .
Gilmour did not know what the Cenotaph looked like , a court has heard .
A convicted sex offender has won an interim injunction to stop a Facebook page being used to harass him .
A train stop sign in Nottingham has been branded an  absolute joke '' after it listed the city 's university as Nottingham University .
The author of a Cold War novel about a Russian spy in the US has said he has been  overwhelmed '' by the response to it .
A German lorry driver who killed a motorcyclist in Conwy county has been jailed for six months .
A group of World War II veterans have been honoured by the Russian embassy in London .
The Australian government is giving kids the chance to design a new national park .
A Botswana athlete has criticised the decision to allow Usain Bolt 's successor to compete at the World Championships .
A dog has been blamed for causing a sinkhole on a golf course in the west Highlands .
Blackpool have signed former York City midfielder Shaun Brisley on a one-year deal .
Bournemouth manager Eddie Howe has signed a new contract with the Premier League club .
As Wales prepare for the Euro 2016 finals in France , we look back at the country 's rich football history .
Russia will be fined  100,000 -LRB- # 75,000 -RRB- by Uefa after fans clashed in Marseille , the country 's sports minister has said .
An increase in office rents in Belfast is needed to encourage new building in the city , property experts have said .
Middlesbrough missed the chance to go top of the Championship as they were held to a goalless draw at Ipswich .
Plans to set up a patent court in Scotland have been backed by the UK government .
Toyota is to invest in a Japanese company developing a flying car , according to reports .
A court in North Korea has sentenced an American man to 15 years of hard labour for crimes against the state .
George North 's decision not to return to Wales is a  disappointment '' , says Pro Rugby Wales chief executive Gareth Davies .
Italy 's Francesco Molinari beat Ireland 's Paul Dunne in a play-off to win the BMW PGA Championship at Wentworth .
Oscar-winning film 12 Years a Slave is to be released in more cinemas following its success at the ceremony .
Tommy Bowe made his return from injury in Ulster 's win over Ulster A on Thursday night .
A  ground-breaking '' project to assess the impact of climate change has been launched .
Scotland back-row forward Jim Hamilton has announced his retirement after being left out of Vern Cotter 's World Cup squad .
When you watch a football match , you want to know what 's going on .
A non-league footballer has admitted carrying a broken corkscrew at a match .
A cat was stabbed to death in a  senseless attack '' , the RSPCA has said .
Teacher salaries in the UK are among the lowest in the Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development -LRB- OECD -RRB- .
Featherstone overcame Championship rivals Halifax to reach the quarter-finals of the Challenge Cup .
The world 's largest clinical trial of overweight and obese women with cancer is to begin in the US .
West Ham fans have voted in favour of a game between the men 's and women 's teams at Upton Park .
A man has been arrested on suspicion of causing death by dangerous driving after a motorcyclist was killed in a crash with a car .
Scientists have developed an algorithm to help robots avoid falling .
An independent review into an incident involving students at Cardiff University 's School of Medicine has found no evidence of racism .
It 's an exciting time to be working on artificial intelligence .
The price of a home in the Chinese city of Shanghai is now more than double that of a decade ago .
The Football Supporters ' Federation -LRB- FSF -RRB- is calling for clubs to manage the resale of tickets .
Turkish police say they have seized more than 1,000 poor-quality life jackets that were being sold to migrants trying to cross the Mediterranean to Europe .
Maria Sharapova is a tennis star , but she does not know who Sachin Tendulkar is .
Australia 's new Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull has been sworn in following the ousting of his predecessor Tony Abbott .
Switzerland striker Admir Mehmedi says Argentina 's Lionel Messi is an  exceptional '' player but says his side will not be distracted by comparisons to Diego Maradona .
Striker Conor Washington says he is still coming to terms with his rapid rise to the Northern Ireland squad .
Argentina 's presidential election will go to a run-off after no candidate won an outright majority in the first round .
Dawid Malan hit an unbeaten 67 on his Twenty20 international debut as England beat South Africa by 39 runs to win the series 2-1 .
Hundreds of headstones at a cemetery where a boy was killed were deemed to be unsafe , a fatal accident inquiry has heard .
An Irish reality TV star 's spray tan has caused a social media storm .
The US-led coalition has carried out a series of air strikes against so-called Islamic State -LRB- IS -RRB- in the Iraqi city of Falluja , a US military spokesman says .
A woman with a rare condition that has left her unable to walk is to get married .
A father who helped his son rob and kill a man has had his jail term increased .
Inverness Caledonian Thistle climbed off the bottom of the Premiership with a deserved win over Hamilton Academical .
Labour leader Jeremy Corbyn has said he would allow his MPs a free vote on UK air strikes in Syria .
Edinburgh-based compressor manufacturer Vert Rotors has raised # 1m to expand its operations .
A man who spent 22 years in prison for a murder he says he did not commit has been granted a new trial .
US President Barack Obama has visited the home of Bob Marley on the first day of his visit to Jamaica .
Rescuers are searching a mountain in Vietnam for a British backpacker who fell while injured .
Northamptonshire and Sussex had to settle for a draw after rain prevented any play on the final day at Wantage Road .
The body of a man has been found at the bottom of a water main .
The leader of Bahrain 's main Shia opposition group , al-Wefaq , has called on the Sunni-ruled kingdom 's crown prince to broker a deal with the opposition .
A Denbighshire teacher who sent sexually explicit messages to teenage girls has been struck off .
The UK is a member of the World Trade Organization -LRB- WTO -RRB- .
Harry Potter spin-off Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them has topped the UK and Ireland box office in its opening weekend .
Theresa May has dismissed reports of a row with European Commission President Jean-Claude Juncker as  Brussels gossip '' .
Seventeen police forces are investigating allegations of historical child sex abuse in football , it has been revealed .
A prominent dissident republican has been granted permission to leave Northern Ireland on bail .
An Afghan woman immortalised on the cover of National Geographic magazine has been denied bail by a court in Pakistan .
Hibernian have signed goalkeeper Ofir Marciano on a two-year deal .
A man who attacked worshippers at a Dundee mosque has been jailed for four months .
Warwickshire director of cricket Dougie Brown has left the club by mutual consent .
ScotRail has said it will run fewer trains on Sundays following a dispute with drivers ' union Aslef .
Microsoft founder Bill Gates has made his largest ever donation to charity .
Scottish Labour leader Owen Smith has urged the European Union not to  let Scotland down '' .
Five people have been injured after a bus and a lorry crashed in Edinburgh .
A dentist who left a patient with a  dog bite '' has left his practice .
A poster campaign promoting the planned Cardiff Metro has been criticised for being  useless '' .
A row has broken out over the amount of money being spent on education in Scotland .
It 's one of Taylor Swift 's most famous fans , but it 's actually a lookalike .
In its heyday the Swansea canal was a feat of engineering , carrying around 400,000 tonnes of coal , iron and steel each year to feed the Industrial Revolution .
Doncaster Rovers manager Dean Saunders has questioned striker El-Hadji Diouf about claims he was pictured in a nightclub hours before a match .
The value of used Volkswagen -LRB- VW -RRB- cars has fallen slightly since the emissions scandal was revealed a year ago , research suggests .
Ron Dennis is under increasing pressure to decide whether to step down as McLaren boss .
Ancient Egyptian pyramids and temples have been discovered by analysing satellite images , scientists say .
January is one of the busiest months of the football season .
A campaign group has welcomed plans for a feasibility study into extending the Borders Railway to Carlisle .
Mexico 's Attorney General Eduardo Ordonez has ordered an investigation into the country 's police chief , Gen Rodolfo Palomino .
A four-year-old girl was refused entry to school for wearing a headscarf , a councillor has claimed .
The UK 's biggest building society , Nationwide , has reported a fall in its mortgage lending .
If you 're a fan of chocolate eggs , you 'll know that the shape is a big part of the appeal .
Are you a fan of the Great British Bake Off ?
A planned 24-hour bus strike in London has been suspended .
Glamorgan have signed England Under-19 international Harry Podmore on loan from Middlesex .
An independent review of electoral law in England and Wales has found no evidence of electoral fraud .
Kenny Miller 's stoppage-time equaliser earned Burton Albion a point at Wolves in the Championship .
A second dog has been found in kennels used by Devon and Cornwall Police .
Gareth Bale says it will be  hard '' for Wales to beat Israel in Sunday 's Euro 2016 qualifier .
Workers at Tata Steel 's Shotton plant in Flintshire have been told they could lose their jobs .
An area of Sydney 's Martin Place has been evacuated and a man arrested after a security alert .
Art students have designed a credit card-reading bag which tells you when to put it back .
The towpaths and bridges of Scotland 's canals have been captured on camera by Google Street View .
A 30-year-old man has been jailed for more than two years for his part in a drugs operation .
In a speech to the Republican National Committee -LRB- RNC -RRB- , Bobby Jindal has called on his party to stop being  stupid '' .
Thousands of young people are teetering on the brink '' of serious mental illness , according to a new report .
A teenager has admitted hacking the parenting website Mumsnet .
Gloucester came from behind to beat Cardiff Blues and reach the European Challenge Cup quarter-finals .
A former hospital site in Denbighshire has been put up for sale on a property website .
A moratorium on fracking in Wales remains in place , the Welsh Government has said .
The rail company at the centre of the Southern rail dispute paid out more than # 3m in compensation to passengers last year , new figures show .
Bundesliga leaders RB Leipzig came from behind to beat 10-man Hoffenheim .
On 18 September , the people of Scotland will vote in a historic independence referendum .
As Russia 's economy continues to shrink , millions of people are struggling to pay their debts .
Chelsea were knocked out of the Champions League in the first leg of their last-16 tie at Porto .
The government is planning to introduce new curbs on benefits for migrants from Romania and Bulgaria , the BBC has learned .
The former governor of Nigeria 's Delta State , James Ibori , has been awarded 1 in damages at the High Court .
Two men accused of supplying the gun used to kill a police worker in Sydney have appeared in court .
Eldin Jakupovic produced a string of fine saves as Hull held Manchester United to a goalless draw at Old Trafford .
South Africa 's Finance Minister Pravin Gordhan has said the country is  in crisis '' .
Wakefield held on to beat Catalans Dragons in a thrilling Super League game at the Stade Gilbert Brutus .
A woman has been stabbed during an armed robbery at a shop in west Belfast .
Tyler Denton scored the only goal of the game as Leeds United beat Luton Town in League Two .
The Statue of Liberty was evacuated in New York after a report of a bomb threat .
Children as young as five have been killed and raped by security forces in Myanmar , the United Nations has said .
Alan Curtis is Swansea City 's longest-serving member of staff .
Tottenham Hotspur has agreed to pay # 1m to the family of a 17-year-old boy who suffered a cardiac arrest after signing for the club .
A man who led police on a high-speed chase through West Sussex has been jailed .
Martin McGuinness is to travel to Europe to commemorate the centenary of two of the bloodiest battles of World War One .
The family of a teacher who was stabbed to death by a pupil have called for an independent inquiry .
A Royal Marine from Northern Ireland has appeared in court charged with terrorism offences .
House Speaker John Boehner , a Republican from Ohio , has been known to break down in tears on the steps of the US Capitol .
Plans for a hydro-electric scheme in Snowdonia have been approved by councillors .
A  legendary figure '' in Welsh politics is the most recognised of Wales ' four MEPs , a study has suggested .
Is it the calm before the storm that is Greece ?
Angelina Jolie is to direct and star in Africa , a film based on the true story of conservationist William Leakey .
The UK general election has ended with a hung parliament .
Kilmarnock have signed Liam Waters from Alloa Athletic for an undisclosed fee .
League Two side Wycombe Wanderers have signed Southampton midfielder Alex Gape on a two-year deal .
A law firm employee has admitted conspiring to supply cocaine .
It 's been a long time coming , but it 's finally here .
Brazil 's state-run oil company , Petrobras , has been accused of paying bribes to politicians by a former executive .
Felix Sturm retained his WBA middleweight title with a thrilling points victory over Ireland 's Matt Macklin in Berlin .
A British student has described the horror of being caught up in the gun and bomb attacks at the Bataclan concert hall in Paris .
A court in the US state of New York has dismissed a drink-driving charge against a woman who claimed she could not legally drive because of a digestive disorder .
Alex Danson is back in the England squad for the two-Test series against world champions the Netherlands .
Middlesbrough manager Aitor Karanka says the club need to strengthen their squad before the start of the new season .
Aston Villa midfielder Idrissa Gueye has signed a pre-contract agreement with Chinese Super League side Henan Jianye .
A panel set up to review the US Secret Service following a security breach at the White House last year has said the agency needs a new director .
China 's Fosun International has won a takeover battle for Portugal 's Espirito Santo Health -LRB- ESS -RRB- .
A new photographic exhibition has captured the memories of children growing up in Liverpool .
Sri Lanka claimed their first Test win over Australia for 17 years with a 75-run victory in Dambulla .
A judge in Argentina has ordered the seizure of assets of five oil companies involved in drilling for oil around the Falkland Islands .
Sixteen-year-old Cristian has been growing cannabis in his parents ' garden in Montevideo , Uruguay .
Russian President Vladimir Putin has awarded the country 's highest military honour , the Order of Courage , to four female doctors killed in Syria .
A fundraising page set up by a former EastEnders actress to help her treat terminal lung cancer has raised more than # 100,000 .
Canadian Prime Minister Stephen Harper has said his government is considering restrictions on foreign ownership of homes .
A four-year-old girl has died after being hit by a stone thrown by an elephant at a zoo in Morocco .
Floods in the western Indian state of Gujarat have killed more than 1,000 people , officials say .
A teaching assistant accused of beating his ex-girlfriend to death with a pole has told a court he lied to her about having an abortion .
Businesses on the Isle of Wight have urged the council to compensate them for the loss of trade due to problems with the new chain ferry .
Former Respect MP George Galloway has said he was attacked by five people on a platform at Aberdeen University .
Liam Livingstone has been named in England 's 15-man squad for the Twenty20 series against South Africa .
In the aftermath of a chemical weapons attack on a rebel-held suburb of Damascus on Tuesday , US President Donald Trump took to Twitter to criticise his predecessor 's foreign policy .
Johnny Sexton and Sean O'Brien are expected to be fit for Ireland 's Six Nations opener against Scotland on Saturday .
The frontrunner in the French presidential election has told the BBC he will reform the EU if he wins .
A 19-year-old man has appeared in court after a car being pursued by police crashed into a family , killing an 11-year- old boy and his aunt .
Fariba Howe is one of the world 's most successful women in technology .
A photographer has accused Taylor Swift of being  exploited '' by her management company .
Scientists are calling for urgent action to tackle the growing problem of obesity among pregnant women .
A controversial documentary about air pollution in China has been removed from popular online video sites .
Recruitment firm Hays has said it has seen  increased uncertainty '' in the UK market following the EU referendum .
A beach litter charity has been awarded a # 100,000 grant to help it expand its work .
Stargazers across Asia have been treated to a rare celestial event .
Manchester United manager Jose Mourinho is close to signing Villarreal defender Eric Bailly .
A car has crashed into a shop in County Tyrone .
A BBC team has been caught up in an explosion on Italy 's Mount Etna , the country 's most active volcano .
Twitter is about to get a few new features .
A 73-year-old man died after falling from a hospital lifting hoist , a court has heard .
A British man has gone on trial accused of murdering a US soldier in Iraq .
A wartime order to cease fire has been sold at auction for # 2,000 .
Midfielder Emmanuel Linganzi says he joined Portsmouth for the chance to play first-team football .
North Korea says it has successfully fired a ballistic missile from a submarine .
The Nigerian military says it has rescued most of the schoolgirls abducted from a school in the north-eastern town of Chibok .
A rare penguin egg has hatched at Paignton Zoo in Devon .
Police have released a CCTV image of a man they want to trace in connection with an assault on a bus in Glasgow .
The internet has been abuzz with the discovery of a massive video game archive .
Two men have been jailed for conspiring to pervert the course of justice after a man was killed in a hit-and-run crash .
A woman has been seriously injured after being hit by a car in Edinburgh city centre .
The US says it will not drop charges against India 's deputy consul general in New York , Devyani Khobragade .
Police searching for missing toddler Ben Needham on the Greek island of Kos have made a fresh appeal for information .
Adama Traore has been included in Guinea 's squad for their 2017 Africa Cup of Nations qualifier against Guinea-Bissau .
A youth football club has been forced to cancel matches after travellers set up camp on its playing fields .
A road where a huge sinkhole opened up a year ago is to be repaired , a council has said .
Labour 's income tax plans could raise up to 1.2bn a year , according to a think-tank .
Tim Visser insists Scotland 's fringe players are ready to make their mark against South Africa .
The Dutch city of Amsterdam is to trial a new approach to tackling alcohol-related violence .
Scientists at Glasgow University have developed a new method of breeding resistant salmon to sea lice .
When Simon Thirlwell was growing up in south-west London , his father ran a chocolate factory .
England have recalled pace bowler Steven Finn for the third Test against Pakistan at Edgbaston .
The area of glaciers in the French Alps has shrunk by almost a quarter since the 1970s , according to a new survey .
Former England footballer Rio Ferdinand 's wife has died after a short battle with cancer .
Mobile phone network Three has abolished roaming charges for its customers travelling abroad .
Workers at the former Thomas Austin department store in Londonderry have spoken of their shock at its closure .
The government is planning to privatise the UK 's green investment bank .
Manager Lee Clark hopes Kilmarnock can avoid relegation from the Scottish Premiership .
The Conservatives have chosen their candidate for South Wales East in the assembly election .
Captain Sam Warburton says Wales ' win over France has set up a  massive '' match against England at Twickenham .
Sebastian Vettel headed Mercedes team-mate Nico Rosberg in final practice at the Spanish Grand Prix .
Venom from funnel web spiders could be used to treat stroke , research suggests .
In India , menstruating women are banned from entering some of the country 's most sacred Hindu temples .
A County Armagh solicitor has been jailed for two years for fraud and theft .
Hibernian manager Neil Lennon says he is pleased with his side 's pre-season preparations , while Motherwell counterpart Stephen Robinson says his new-look squad needs time to gel .
The SDLP has urged a community group in north Belfast to reconsider its plans to hold a protest parade .
Airbus has cut its forecast for the number of A380 aircraft it will deliver over the next two years .
Five Russian hackers have been charged by the US Department of Justice -LRB- DOJ -RRB- over a huge data breach at Yahoo .
A former Nigerian defence minister , Bello Haliru Mohammed , has been charged with corruption .
An aeroplane powered only by the Sun has been forced to abandon its attempt to cross the Pacific Ocean .
A teacher who is to leave her job at a Catholic school in north Belfast has said she has been subjected to a campaign of sectarian intimidation .
Inverness Caledonian Thistle manager John Hughes was left frustrated by his side 's second-half display in the 1-1 draw with Dundee .
Neil Jenkins has defended Wales ' style of play in the Six Nations .
The arts body on the Isle of Mull has been criticised after two of its directors were made redundant .
Up to 27 North Sea platforms have been shut down after an oil leak at a platform off Shetland .
Low-cost airline Jet2 has lost a legal bid to delay paying compensation to passengers who were delayed by more than three hours .
More than 100,000 cigarettes and 40lbs -LRB- 15kg -RRB- of tobacco have been seized in Lincoln .
A pharmaceutical firm is to create up to 100 jobs at a former Sanofi factory in Newcastle .
A 70-year-old man has been seriously injured after being struck by a car in North Ayrshire .
The Welsh Rugby Union has withdrawn its central contract offer to Scarlets centre Scott Williams .
The international team investigating the alleged use of chemical weapons in Syria is expected to issue a report in the coming days .
The Wales football team has left for Euro 2016 .
Newport County have made their seventh signing of the summer by bringing in midfielders James Compton and Luke Rigg .
Jeremy Corbyn 's opponents in the Labour leadership contest are hoping to capitalise on an influx of new members joining the party .
Partick Thistle Football Club has said it has been made aware of an allegation of historical child abuse made against a former employee .
An NHS trust has apologised after it sent out the wrong information leaflets to 850 patients .
Too many able and talented pupils in Wales are being let down by the education system , inspectors have said .
Former world champion John Fordham says he wants to return to Lakeside to play again .
Radiohead have released their version of the theme tune for the latest James Bond film , Spectre .
Police are investigating a claim that a mural at an Edinburgh primary school is racist .
The number of children with disabilities in Scotland is on the rise .
Hospitals across the UK are preparing for a busy Christmas Day .
Former Australian tennis player Nick Lindahl has been banned for seven years after being found guilty of match-fixing .
Welsh snowboarder Katie Potter is aiming to qualify for the 2018 Winter Olympics .
The government 's counter-extremism strategy is about to undergo a major overhaul .
Essex director of cricket Nick Silverwood says winning the County Championship would be the  holy grail '' for the club .
A police officer has told an inquest about the  carnage '' of a crush at a nightclub in which two students died .
Super League side Wakefield Wildcats have appointed former Hull KR coach Chris Chester as their new head coach .
German cosmetics firm Nivea has apologised after a social media post was branded racist .
England won the Tbilisi Sevens for the first time with a 33-7 victory over New Zealand .
A drone flew close to a plane as it landed at an airport , police have said .
One child in Northern Ireland contacts Childline every day who is feeling suicidal , the charity has said .
In the run-up to the EU referendum , the value of sterling fell sharply against the dollar .
Newport County boosted their League Two survival hopes with victory over Mansfield .
Tommy Wright says he is  happy '' to stay at St Johnstone .
Three people , including two children , have been rescued from a beach on the Somerset coast .
Southampton eased into the fourth round of the EFL Cup with a comfortable win over Crystal Palace .
Worcester Warriors lock George Bower has signed a new contract with the Premiership club .
The National Audit Office -LRB- NAO -RRB- has warned that local authorities are struggling to find suitable housing and school places for refugees under the government 's resettlement programme .
The Belfast Giants beat Fife Flyers 4-1 in Sunday 's Elite League game at the SSE Arena .
Transport Scotland officials are exploring the possibility of extending the Borders Railway to Carlisle .
Liberal Democrat leader Tim Farron has said he does not believe gay sex is a sin , but has refused to say whether he believes it is .
Kent 's title hopes suffered a blow as they were bowled out for 287 on the second day against Northants .
Scotland 's Scott Jamieson and Sweden 's Alexander Bjork share the lead at the Tshwane Open in South Africa .
Brain tumour patient Ashya King 's chances of survival could have been halved by his parents ' treatment in the Czech Republic , doctors have told the BBC .
Three men have been jailed for running a cannabis factory in Bridgend .
Presumptive Democratic nominee Hillary Clinton was expected to make a case for her foreign policy bona fides in San Diego on Thursday .
Austria 's new chancellor has said he is open to working with the far-right Freedom Party .
A 25-year-old man who was seriously injured when a high-powered powerboat crashed into a buoy on the Hamble River is  stable and improving '' , his employer has said .
Luton Town are capable of returning to the Football League , according to the club 's chairman Julian Sweet .
It is a significant moment in Britain 's relationship with Libya .
Krystian Pearce 's header rescued a point for Mansfield Town against York City .
The Canadian government has launched an inquiry into missing and murdered indigenous women .
An inquest into the death of rapper Lil ' Chris has been opened and adjourned .
Manchester United manager Jose Mourinho and Chelsea boss Antonio Conte were involved in a heated argument at Stamford Bridge on Saturday .
The political parties in Northern Ireland are in crisis .
Former England batsman Jonathan Trott made his highest County Championship score of the season to put Warwickshire in a strong position against Somerset .
Richard Hammond says his knee is  rustproof '' after he was injured in a crash while filming for The Grand Tour .
Gareth Anscombe says his injury problems have made him a target for critics .
A man has been airlifted to hospital after falling and breaking his ankle on Snowdonia 's highest mountain .
Poet Philip Larkin is to be honoured in Poets ' Corner at Westminster Abbey , it has been announced .
England women qualified for Euro 2017 with a comfortable win over Belgium in Group 7 .
Defending champion Ronnie O 'Sullivan has pulled out of the UK Championship in York .
The number of armed forces personnel seeking help for mental health issues has risen sharply , a charity has said .
The UK 's highest court is due to rule on whether to allow a case against the government over the alleged torture of terror suspects .
Fears are growing that the Tibetan plateau is becoming increasingly unstable and prone to natural disasters .
John Cleese 's new stand-up show has received mixed reviews from critics .
Councillors in a Powys town have opposed plans to turn a pub into a convenience store .
A former National Football League -LRB- NFL -RRB- player has been found dead in his prison cell in Nebraska .
French driver Esteban Ocon will join Force India for the 2017 season .
The families of four men killed when a wall collapsed at a recycling plant have said they are still waiting for answers .
It was the world 's worst nuclear accident .
A shopping centre in east London has been sold for # 100m .
A Volkswagen executive has pleaded guilty to conspiracy to defraud the US over the carmaker 's diesel emissions scandal .
Love locks placed on a bridge have been removed because they are starting to rust .
Tata Steel has been fined more than # 1m after a chemical leak at its Scunthorpe plant .
Badger conservation groups are being offered the chance to vaccinate up to 20,000 badgers in a bid to stop the spread of bovine TB .
India 's Maoist rebels have been fighting for more than 40 years .
The Princess Royal has said she is  feeling much better '' after attending the New Year 's Day church service at Sandringham .
A woman accused of threatening BBC presenter Jeremy Vine with a  firing sign '' in a road rage incident has appeared in court .
Reigning champion Jonathan Rea failed to win for the first time this season as Chaz Davies took victory in the second World Superbike race at Imola .
Islamic State -LRB- IS -RRB- militants are advancing on the ancient city of Palmyra in central Syria , activists say .
A man has admitted trying to import 50 stun guns disguised as torches into Scotland .
A catalogue of more than 200 man-made minerals has been compiled by scientists .
The number of jobs at a DVLA centre in Swansea could be cut , the transport secretary has said .
England spinner Danielle Hazell has been ruled out of the remainder of the Women 's World Twenty20 because of a hamstring injury .
Henry Pyrgos is relishing the chance to captain Scotland at the World Cup .
Dundee United have signed Millwall striker Jordan Preston on a two-year deal .
nursery staff mistook a four-year-old boy 's drawing of a cucumber for a terrorist threat , it has emerged .
Crawley Town have signed defender James Hurst following his release by West Bromwich Albion .
Four councillors were spotted falling asleep during a Commons select committee meeting , it has emerged .
An American pit bull rescue centre has offered to fly a dog on death row in the UK to the US .
The UK 's inflation rate rose in January for the first time in four months , official figures show .
An oil platform in the North Sea has been evacuated after a fire broke out on board .
A man accused of murdering his nine-year-old grandson was a  callous killer '' , a forensic psychiatrist has told a court .
Sir Paul McCartney and his wife Nancy Shevell have topped the Sunday Times Rich List , with an estimated fortune of 730m .
Guidance has been issued to landowners to help them manage dog walking on their land .
House prices in Northern Ireland continued to rise in the third quarter of this year , according to official figures .
The inquest into the deaths of the 11 men killed in the Shoreham air disaster is likely to be delayed until next year , a coroner has said .
Emre Can 's stunning strike in Liverpool 's 1-0 win at Watford has been nominated for the Premier League 's goal of the season .
A fire at a London Underground station was caused by a group of football fans , Transport for London has said .
The International Monetary Fund -LRB- IMF -RRB- has warned of a number of risks facing the global economy , including a slowdown in China .
Work is set to begin to protect homes in a Denbighshire seaside town from future flooding .
The parents of a man believed to have travelled to Syria to join the so-called Islamic State group have appeared in court .
Four men have been charged in connection with an armed robbery at a petrol station in Lancashire .
China has reacted angrily after US President-elect Donald Trump questioned the so-called  One China '' policy .
A man has appeared in court charged with murder following a fire in Fraserburgh .
A man was stabbed to death in his own home by a  street drinking fraternity '' , a court has heard .
The European Environment Agency -LRB- EEA -RRB- says there is a  very strong signal '' that climate change is here to stay .
In the grounds of the National Sports Stadium in Harare , Zimbabwe 's capital , a group of young men stand on a platform .
Ole Gunnar Solskjaer 's footballing career has taken him around the world .
Australia batsman David Warner has been banned for the first Ashes Test after being found guilty of punching England 's Joe Root .
An application for planning permission for a new film and television studio in Dundee has been submitted to the city council .
Elections are being held in Tunisia for the first time since the overthrow of President Zine al-Abidine Ben Ali in a popular uprising in 2011 .
The family of former Australian cricket captain and legendary commentator Richie Benaud have turned down an offer of a state funeral , Prime Minister Tony Abbott has said .
Former Wales international flanker Rob McCusker has joined Ospreys on a short-term deal .
At Seachill , the world 's biggest producer of chilled fish , it 's been a month since the National Living Wage came into force .
Kyren Wilson says his record-breaking win in the German Open quarter-finals was the tonic he needed after a poor run of form .
The former speaker of Brazil 's lower house of Congress , Eduardo Cunha , has been arrested on corruption charges .
Championship side Aston Villa have signed Bristol City striker Jonathan Kodjia for an undisclosed fee .
Exeter Chiefs have signed South Africa lock Nic White on a two-year deal , with the option of a further year , and promoted Jersey captain Sam Freeman .
Disney 's Moana has topped the US Thanksgiving box office .
Martin O 'Donnell has said he is  devastated '' to have been voted off Strictly Come Dancing .
Gateshead secured their first National League win of the season with victory over Wrexham .
A British-funded radio station set up in Zimbabwe five years ago has closed .
St Helens came from behind to beat Catalans Dragons in Super League .
The girlfriend of Moors Murderer Ian Brady will face no further action , prosecutors have said .
A  state-of-the-art '' architecture gallery has opened in Liverpool .
Have you ever wondered if you can find treasure in the strangest places ?
A pregnant woman has completed the Great North Run in a robotic exoskeleton .
A film shot in the Welsh valleys has won an international screenwriting award .
Women are increasingly turning to smartphone apps to track their menstrual cycles .
In our series of letters from African journalists , filmmaker and columnist Farai Sevenzo considers the role of the United Nations in Africa .
A few days ago , I received a phone call from a friend in the US , asking if I had heard of Zica , the Indian car brand .
Nottinghamshire pace bowler Jake Ball is in  fantastic form '' , according to captain Chris Read .
The Liberal Democrats have set out their demands for changes to the Scottish government 's budget .
A hen party had to be rescued after their boat got stuck in mud .
Human remains found in East Lothian are those of missing woman Louise Tiffney , police have confirmed .
Aaron Mooy scored the only goal of the game as Huddersfield Town moved to the top of the Championship with victory at Leeds United .
Notts County have appointed former BBC Radio Nottingham presenter Steve Fletcher as director of football .
One of the UK 's biggest housebuilders , Redrow , has said the government 's housing White Paper is  disappointing '' .
The US has charged seven Iranians with carrying out a series of cyber-attacks on energy and financial companies .
Morocco international midfielder Younes Belhanda has joined Turkish champions Galatasaray from Dynamo Kiev on a three-year deal .
Margaret Thatcher , who has died at the age of 87 , was known for her economic policies .
The family of a boy who suffered severe brain injuries when he was born has been awarded # 4m in damages .
The Smiths discussed a reunion 10 years ago , it has emerged .
BBC Sport 's football expert Mark Lawrenson is pitting his wits against a different guest each week this season .
The original Batmobile used in the 1960s TV series Batman has been sold at auction in New York for $ 1.8 m -LRB- # 1.2 m -RRB- .
A mother facing deportation from the UK to Nigeria has been given an overnight reprieve , a friend of the family has said .
Andy Murray is a  dominant force '' after becoming world number one , says Tim Henman .
China 's Ma Long beat compatriot Zhang Jike 4-1 to win Olympic gold in the men 's singles table tennis .
Kenyan marathon runner Rita Jeptoo has been banned for two years after failing a drugs test .
Championship side Rotherham United have signed Everton midfielder Jordan Browning on a season-long loan deal .
North Korea has condemned the US missile attack on a Syrian airbase , state media say .
A former Guantanamo Bay detainee has been arrested in Uganda on suspicion of involvement in the murder of a prosecutor in Kampala , police say .
Dulux paint owner Akzo Nobel has again rejected a takeover offer from US rival PPG Industries .
A 16-year-old boy has died after being stabbed in a street in Leeds .
The Premier League has been one of the most exciting and unpredictable in recent years .
The One Laptop Per Child organisation -LRB- OLPC -RRB- has received a # 1m grant to fund the development of a tablet computer .
A former drug cartel pilot has been jailed for attacking a squatter with an axe .
Valve has announced changes to the way games are published on its Steam service .
A woman has died in a house fire in the Highlands .
Derby County owner Fawaz Al Hasawi has confirmed that the club has been sold .
Warrenpoint Town return to Premiership action on Monday night when they host Ballinamallard United at Seaview .
Police in Indonesia 's Aceh province have arrested two women who were married to each other .
Bomb disposal experts have carried out a controlled explosion after two unexploded bombs were found on a beach in Nairn .
A former soldier has been arrested in connection with the deaths of three people on Bloody Sunday in Londonderry .
The BBC is to become a  curator '' of the best from Britain 's cultural institutions and thinkers , it has been announced .
Chris Eubank Jr says he is willing to give his British middleweight title to Nick Blackwell .
An 87-year-old man has been reunited with his vintage car , which appeared in the film Likely Lads .
Crusaders have signed former Blackburn Rovers midfielder Mark McChrystal on a one-year deal .
Europe has launched its latest Earth-observation satellite .
Cardiff City 's winless start to the season continued as they were held to a goalless draw by Bristol City .
A British tourist has died while snorkelling on a reef in Australia .
A senior member of Nicolas Sarkozy 's 2012 presidential campaign has admitted there was a  terrible spiral '' in the party 's finances .
Wales-born prop Nathan Hughes has been named in a 33-man England pre-season camp .
Police investigating the murder of a dog walker have made a fresh appeal for witnesses .
Plans to improve the A27 in West Sussex are a  sham '' , council leaders have said .
Team Sky defied a ban on injecting riders with banned substances , the Press Association has learned .
As part of the BBC 's  Tales of the 10 '' series , former rugby league star Andy Johnson tells the story of his son , Jack , who has Duchenne 's Muscular Dystrophy .
South Korea 's education minister has apologised after students said they were given the wrong answers on a university entrance exam .
A dog has died after falling into the River Tay in Perthshire .
A former junior doctor has been jailed for 12 years for a string of sex attacks .
Lewis Hamilton led a Mercedes one-two in a controversial qualifying session at the Australian Grand Prix .
Saudi Arabia 's top cleric , Sheikh Abdul Aziz al-Obeikan , has been sacked .
One of the UK 's biggest energy suppliers , EDF Energy , has announced its second price rise of the year .
The number of students going to further education colleges in Northern Ireland has fallen by almost 20% over the past three years .
A 198 metre-high -LRB- 467ft -RRB- chimney on the shore of Southampton Water could be the centrepiece of a new city centre development .
Fines of up to 100% of the value of tax avoided would be imposed on aggressive tax avoiders if Labour wins power , the party has said .
A man who killed his partner with a single punch at a railway station has been jailed .
At a recycling centre in Taiwan 's capital , Taipei , Hsiao Ying-yu is doing something she has never done before .
Championship side Ipswich Town have signed Wales Under-19 midfielder Joe James on a season-long loan from Cardiff City .
Prime Minister Theresa May says her party 's manifesto is a  plan for a Britain that works for everyone '' .
A teenage driver involved in a crash which killed four people had just passed his test , an inquest has heard .
A British soldier killed in an explosion in southern Afghanistan has been named by the Ministry of Defence .
Bill Abernethy and Bill Shine have been named co-presidents of Fox News following the departure of Roger Ailes .
Baroness Campbell has been appointed as the Football Association 's new chief executive for women 's football .
The World Para-athletics Championships have taken place in Sheffield .
The idea of doctors being able to continue working in the private sector has long been a bone of contention .
Patients with cancer in England will get faster access to the best new drugs under a new system , NHS England has said .
Fugitive US intelligence leaker Edward Snowden has not yet received travel documents to leave Russia , his lawyer says .
Thieves have stolen a number of medals from a house in the Highlands .
Fleetwood Town have signed midfielder Ryan Kettings on a one-year deal .
A French left-wing politician has called for a ban on meat in school meals , saying children should be able to eat whatever they want .
-LRB- Close -RRB- : London 's benchmark share index , the FTSE 100 , fell to a two-month low on Friday .
A new anti-austerity party , Podemos , has entered Spain 's general election campaign .
India will take part in this summer 's Champions Trophy in England and Wales .
Australia completed a series whitewash over India with a 95-run victory in the fourth one-day international in Canberra .
Wales scrum-half Rhys Webb has signed a new two-year contract with Ospreys .
Every new medicine needs to be tested to make sure it is safe and effective in humans .
The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge have announced the birth of their first child .
The chancellor , George Osborne , told me in an interview last week that he was now  more optimistic '' about the UK 's economic prospects , and he was right .
Children whose fathers are more withdrawn and depressed are less able to learn , a study suggests .
The Football Association says it has found no evidence of bullying or harassment by England manager Mark Sampson following a complaint by Eni Aluko .
Urgent action is needed to protect public parks in England from budget cuts , a group of MPs has warned .
Funding to help reduce the cost of offshore wind has been announced by the Scottish government .
UKIP has rejected calls to deselect the party 's assembly leader .
The centenary of the start of World War One is being marked in Londonderry .
Crystal Palace maintained their unbeaten start to the season with a hard-fought victory at Everton .
Former Aston Villa midfielder Steve Cowans is to retire from his role as first-team coach .
A pensioner who tried to save the life of MP Jo Cox has been awarded the George Cross in the Queen 's Birthday Honours list .
It 's a big day for Scottish politics .
Tranmere Rovers have signed former Wales defender Ben Davies on a one-year deal .
The RSPCA has received more than 1,000 calls about dog fighting in the UK in the past five years , it has said .
Exeter moved to the top of the Premiership with a bonus-point win at Wasps .
A petition calling for a national road safety campaign for horses and riders has been launched .
Theresa May has raised the issue of the future of EU citizens living in the UK with the Irish prime minister .
The number of appeals against GCSE and A-level results in England , Wales and Northern Ireland has reached record levels , figures show .
The Ukrainian city of Zaporizhya has begun a campaign to remove communist-era street names .
A London hospital is to set up a national database of cases of identical twins who share a placenta .
What is the most famous Greek street in London ?
At least six people have been killed in a bomb attack on a hotel in the Somali capital , Mogadishu , officials say .
National League side Guiseley have signed Gateshead left-back Luke Atkinson on a one-month loan deal .
Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu has ordered cuts to the cost of a custom-built rest chamber '' for him on a flight to the UK .
A five-year-old boy was investigated by police for  sexting '' , the BBC has learned .
Technology giant Hewlett-Packard has announced plans to cut 30,000 jobs over the next three years .
Lewis Hamilton says he will  pray '' Mercedes do not impose team orders on him and team-mate Nico Rosberg .
Mercedes dominated first practice at the Bahrain Grand Prix .
The world 's first  tissue-engineered '' windpipe has been transplanted into a man in Sweden .
A pair of polar bears have been introduced to the public for the first time .
Russell Slade says taking Cardiff City to the Championship play-off final would be the biggest achievement of his managerial career .
Caroline Garcia and Kristina Mladenovic have won the women 's doubles title at the US Open .
Championship side Oldham Roughyeds stunned holders Hull KR to reach the sixth round of the Challenge Cup .
Hampshire 's batsmen struggled on the first day of the day-night Championship match against Somerset at the Ageas Bowl .
The father of a woman who died in a house fire has told an inquest he started the blaze because he did not want her to die from carbon monoxide poisoning .
Nato has condemned Russia 's reported deployment of surface-to-air missiles to its western exclave of Kaliningrad .
Australian Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull has said he has  no doubt '' there will be another referendum on the country 's future as a republic .
Liverpool manager Brendan Rodgers said his side 's 2-1 win over West Brom was  satisfying '' .
The education of Syrian refugee children must be a priority for the international community , says Jordan 's education minister .
Sinn Fin leader Gerry Adams will face no charges over the murder of Jean McConville , the Public Prosecution Service -LRB- PPS -RRB- has said .
The number of homeless people in England is rising , according to new figures .
Work is under way to clear up thousands of tonnes of debris washed up on beaches in Norfolk and Suffolk after Storm Desmond .
The parents of a three-year-old boy who died after falling into a lake have been charged with his manslaughter .
Millwall boosted their League One play-off hopes with victory at Shrewsbury .
Footage of a retirement home for retired police dogs in China has gone viral on Chinese social media .
Sam Allardyce has been appointed Sunderland manager on a two-year contract .
Brentford snatched a dramatic late point against Cardiff City at Griffin Park .
A murder investigation has been launched after a man was stabbed to death in Manchester .
Leicester Tigers assistant coach Geordan Murphy says the Anglo-Welsh Cup can be the catalyst for a top-four finish in the Premiership .
Insurer Royal Sun Alliance is to close its Birmingham office with the loss of 190 jobs .
The UK 's air traffic control centre at Prestwick Airport has warned of the need to redesign the country 's airspace .
The latest Batman film , The Dark Knight Rises , has received rave reviews from critics .
The public inquiry into the death of Alexander Litvinenko , the former Russian spy who was poisoned with radioactive Polonium in London in 2006 , has begun .
An investigation has been launched after an ambulance collided with two cars in Lincolnshire .
Chechen leader Ramzan Kadyrov has posted a video on Instagram threatening to kill Russian opposition leader Mikhail Kasyanov .
A woman with multiple sclerosis has said she was refused a taxi because she was in a wheelchair .
A judicial review into the government 's handling of allegations of child abuse at Kincora Boys ' Home has begun in Belfast .
Charlton Athletic have re-appointed Jose Riga as head coach on a two-year contract .
No charges will be brought against a vicar accused of sexually abusing a teenage girl .
Insurer Old Mutual has announced plans to split off its four main units .
Uefa has opened disciplinary proceedings against the England and Serbia football associations following incidents in Tuesday 's Under-21 European Championship play-off in Krusevac .
New Liverpool manager Jurgen Klopp says his job is the  most interesting '' in world football .
A number of online gambling companies have been told to change the way they operate by the UK 's competition watchdog .
The location of one of Scotland 's most important battles is to be investigated by Historic Scotland .
Cardiff Airport should be renamed the John F Kennedy International Airport , a businessman has said .
A mining company has been convicted of destroying a sacred site in Australia 's Northern Territory .
A young woman who suffered from an eating disorder as a teenager tells the BBC 's Victoria Derbyshire programme about her battle with the illness .
Police have released CCTV images of two people they want to trace in connection with a serious assault on a teenager in Aberdeen .
Mental health services for new mothers and their babies are to be funded by the Welsh government .
Plans to build flats and houses on a site at the centre of a council housing scandal have been recommended for approval .
The government has been accused of trying to  interfere '' in the BBC 's day-to-day scheduling , amid reports it is planning to tell the corporation not to schedule popular shows at the expense of rivals .
Actor and comedian Jack Vine has written an open letter to a teenage boy who was attacked by a group of bullies in east London .
A couple in New Zealand have become the first to be married in a church that believes humans evolved from pirates .
Jordan Williams scored twice as Barrow beat non-league Taunton Town in the first round of the FA Cup .
One piece of advice for Russia :  Do not underestimate the power of the US '' .
A 10-year-old boy has been reported to police after a knife was found at a school in Dumfries .
Australian police are investigating allegations of match-fixing in the National Rugby League .
The hosts of the new Women 's Cricket Super League -LRB- WCSL -RRB- have been announced .
The ride-sharing company Uber has been accused of being a sexist workplace by a former employee .
Hampshire were relegated from the County Championship after losing to Durham at the Ageas Bowl .
Some of the quirkier snippets from the news in Oxfordshire that we did not know last week :
Scotland 's Natasha Brace will make her professional debut at Glasgow 's SSE Hydro on Saturday .
England wicketkeeper Jos Buttler has signed a new contract with Lancashire .
Celtic made light work of Partick Thistle to set a new club record of 46 games unbeaten .
Defending champion Mark Selby says he is not yet at his best as he prepares for the World Championship quarter-finals .
Pierre St Aubyn has won the  Wodehouse Prize '' for satirical fiction .
A councillor has denied making indecent images of children .
We want to hear from you about the earthquake that hit Nepal a year ago .
The Irish Premiership 's disciplinary committee has handed a three-match ban to Glentoran 's Nacho Novo for his red card in Saturday 's 2-1 defeat by Dungannon Swifts .
England Under-21 coach Dan Ashworth says he stands by the decision not to call up players for the European Championship .
Archaeologists believe they have found the remains of a Stone Age dwelling in Monmouthshire .
Prince Harry has visited a remote indigenous community in Guyana .
A police dog who was shot in the head with a pellet gun has been released from hospital .
Philippine President-elect Rodrigo Duterte has said journalists who criticise him will be killed .
The Belfast Giants have signed former NHL forward Dustin Johner .
A new fitness centre is set to open in Wrexham , a year after it closed .
Firefighters have been tackling a fire at a former hospital in Edinburgh .
Chris Evans announced he was stepping down as a presenter on Top Gear , Twitter users took to social media to comment about the number of recent high-profile resignations in politics and sport .
The UK has one of the lowest rates of breastfeeding in the world , according to figures from the World Health Organization .
World number one Novak Djokovic and defending champion Serena Williams both won in straight sets to reach the French Open semi-finals .
Luke Procter 's maiden first-class century put Lancashire in a commanding position against Hampshire at Old Trafford .
A man accused of plotting to rape a baby has told a court he did not think it would happen .
Britain 's Martyn Rooney wants to be presented with his Beijing Olympic bronze medal in front of a home crowd .
An Ohio woman has been charged with raping and robbing a taxi driver , police say .
Firefighters are tackling a wildfire in the Ballymena area of County Antrim .
Batsman Steve Smith has been named as Australia 's new Test captain following the retirement of Michael Clarke .
London mayor Boris Johnson has said he will not resign if the Conservatives back a third runway at Heathrow .
Former Swansea City boss Garry Monk has been appointed head coach of Major League Soccer side Los Angeles Galaxy .
A father who won a legal battle to take his children on holiday during term time has launched a crowdfunding campaign to pay for his legal fees .
Skegness 's famous Jolly Fisherman should be replaced with a fish , an animal rights group has said .
A fund has been set up to help Syrian refugees in the north east of Scotland .
Saudi Arabia 's King Salman has carried out a major overhaul of the country 's security services .
A court in Vietnam has sentenced a French-Vietnamese human rights activist to three years in jail for subversion .
Plans for a travellers ' site in Lincolnshire have been rejected by councillors .
DJ Calvin Harris is to headline this year 's V Festival .
Spending on public service television -LRB- PSB -RRB- has fallen sharply , according to a review by Ofcom .
Unpaid work given to offenders in England and Wales is  not good enough '' , a report has said .
England 's Moeen Ali hit an unbeaten 73 to keep his side on course for a series-clinching victory over South Africa in the fourth Test at Old Trafford .
An investigation into fire safety at a  state-of-the-art '' hospital has found  potential issues '' .
British number one Johanna Konta was knocked out of the Miami Open in the second round by Karolina Pliskova .
A life-size statue of Frank Sidebottom has been unveiled in the Derbyshire village of Timperley .
Derby County striker Darren Bent has warned his team-mates not to get carried away as they prepare for the Championship play-offs .
Motorcyclist Ryan Farquhar has been moved out of intensive care in hospital following a crash at the North West 200 .
A 10-year-old boy who died from a brain haemorrhage could have been saved if his optometrist had done her job properly , a court has heard .
Dozens of environmental organisations across Northern Ireland have been told their funding is being withdrawn .
Too many council homes sold through the government 's Right to Buy scheme are being left to rot , housing charity Shelter has warned .
The UK 's Brexit secretary has said it is  hard to see how a separate immigration policy '' would work .
Mickey Demetriou 's free-kick gave Newport County victory over Yeovil Town .
Championship side Reading have signed Aston Villa defender Jordan Suliman on loan until the end of the season .
Women 's Super League club Durham City Ladies have signed goalkeeper Gemma Laws on a one-year deal .
Castleford came from behind to beat Wakefield and secure a top-six Super League finish .
A man has died in a two-car crash in Dorset .
A Palestinian court has postponed parliamentary elections that were due to take place on Sunday .
The parents of a couple who died of cancer within days of each other have spoken of their  horrifying '' experience .
A football club has paid tribute to a coach who died in a crash .
Celtic moved to the top of the Scottish Premiership with a comfortable win over Inverness Caledonian Thistle .
Manchester City midfielder Ramadan Sobhi has been left out of Egypt 's preliminary squad for the Africa Cup of Nations .
Lawmakers in the US state of New York are calling for an investigation into the  inky water '' that appeared at the base of Niagara Falls in July .
Spain 's Dani Pedrosa won the Japanese Grand Prix as Italy 's Valentino Rossi secured the MotoGP title .
Gloucester City manager John Hughes says the club could go out of business unless fans return to the city .
Passengers and vehicles on an Isle of Wight chain ferry are to be banned from boarding or disembarking at the same time .
Police in the Chinese city of Tianjin have confirmed that the warehouse that exploded on Wednesday contained hazardous chemicals , including sodium cyanide .
A collection of 37 paintings by Sir Winston Churchill by his daughter has been accepted for public display .
Bottles of whisky salvaged from a sunken ship have been sold at auction for # 20,000 .
The Portuguese government has approved a law to give citizenship to descendants of Jews who lived in the country before the Inquisition .
Plans to cut the number of full-time firefighters in Suffolk have been approved by the county council .
League One side Bury have signed former Bolton Wanderers goalkeeper Paul Rachubka on a one-year deal .
Teachers ' pay will need to rise significantly in the future , according to the School Teachers Review Body .
A witness in the Surjit Singh Chhokar murder trial has been ordered to apologise to the accused 's QC Donald Findlay .
Wales hooker Ken Owens says he does not believe the Six Nations should be reduced to a  wooden spoon '' competition .
Plans for a new multi-storey car park in Oxford city centre have gone on display .
Police searching for a missing teenager have found a body .
An Arizona woman who spent more than 22 years on death row for her son 's murder has been denied a retrial .
Sir Vince Cable has said he is  encouraged '' by the government 's response to the Tata steel crisis .
Calls have been made for a major increase in the use of renewable heat for homes and businesses in Scotland .
Bad web browser add-ons are a growing problem , according to a new study .
Check out this incredible motorbike stunt , where a rider flips his bike upside down .
The number of GPs working in Wales has reached a record high , according to official figures .
A former mayor who resigned over his support for a taxi driver who had been convicted of rape has been urged to stand down as a councillor .
Manchester United defender Marcos Rojo is playing  phenomenally '' , says manager Jose Mourinho .
Wes Foderingham says he is  disappointed '' by the racist abuse directed at Celtic winger Scott Sinclair by a Rangers fan .
Concerns have been raised about the disappearance of seahorses in Portsmouth Harbour .
A reconstruction of the face of a man who died more than 2,500 years ago has been produced .
In East Africa , it 's election season .
Jamie Heaslip has been named in the Ireland team to face Wales in the Six Nations on Saturday .
Plans to axe full-time staff at libraries in a West Yorkshire borough have been abandoned .
Bats have been damaging an 11th Century church in North Yorkshire .
Bayer Leverkusen boss Roger Schmidt has been given a two-match touchline ban after being sent off for the second time this season .
The Nobel Prize in medicine has been awarded to a trio of scientists who discovered new ways to tackle three neglected tropical diseases .
A former police officer has been jailed for more than eight years for sexually assaulting a young girl .
Israeli police say they have shot dead a man suspected of killing three people in Tel Aviv on Sunday night .
A public-private consortium has emerged as the favourite to run cancer care in Staffordshire , the BBC understands .
A bat rescue group in Northern Ireland says it has been overwhelmed by the number of the animals it is dealing with .
The annual Beltane Fire Festival has been held in Inverness .
Four people have been charged over the death of an Israeli Arab who was beaten by a mob after he was shot dead .
Four men have admitted involvement in the Hatton Garden jewellery raid .
A Pembrokeshire surf forecasting firm has been bought by US-based action sports company Surfstitch .
Match reports and team news for the weekend matches .
Plans to tackle non-violent extremism have been announced by the government in the wake of the Paris attacks .
Leading jockeys have criticised plans to stage all-weather racing on Good Friday .
The daughter of the first baby born on an air ambulance has become a cabin crew attendant for Loganair .
Cornish Pirates back-rowers Alex Cheesman and Morgs Morgan have signed new two-year contracts with the club .
Real Madrid goalkeeper Iker Casillas has been left out of new Spain coach Julen Lopetegui 's first squad .
A double-decker bus has caught fire and exploded in Bishopsgate in central London .
Three people have been arrested after a man was found with serious head injuries in Brighton .
The fossilised remains of a new type of dinosaur have been found in China .
The Certificates of Irish Heritage scheme is to close on 24 August , the Irish Department of Foreign Affairs has said .
Myanmar 's finance minister-designate has apologised after it emerged he had a fake PhD degree .
Snapchat , the disappearing-message service , says it has recorded 10 billion video views a day .
If you 're going to buy someone a bouquet of flowers , it 's a good idea to do it right .
Venezuelan security forces have lifted a curfew in the western city of San Cristobal .
Police have launched a murder investigation after the death of a 23-year-old man in Glasgow .
Scotland 's top law officer has urged the UK not to  turn its back '' on EU criminal justice co-operation .
Olympic heptathlon champion Jessica Ennis-Hill has been made a dame at Buckingham Palace .
A six-year-old boy has applied to be the next England manager .
Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu has accused the European Union of  crazy '' policies towards Israel .
A man who was filmed tackling a suspected gangster in the western Indian city of Mumbai says he has received death threats .
Denny Solomona has the potential to play international rugby union , says former England winger Ugo Monye .
A man has died in a collision between a bus and a private ambulance .
Souleymane Cisse 's Olympic gold medal has given him a new lease of life .
A 16-year-old boy has admitted causing the deaths of his two friends by dangerous driving .
A firefighter has been sacked after a woman died in a house fire .
Scunthorpe United have signed midfielder Jack Osbourne on a one-year deal .
Motorists have been warned about the dangers of making deliveries in rural areas .
The former leader of Glasgow City Council , Michael Matheson , is to leave the local authority to become a professor at Strathclyde University .
Aberdeen have signed Liverpool right-back Ryan McLaughlin on loan until the end of the season .
Belfast boxer Katie Taylor is in talks with promoter Eddie Hearn to fight at the SSE Arena in Belfast .
A 15-year-old girl 's birthday party in a rural village in central Mexico has been turned into a social media sensation .
The DUP 's Edwin Poots has said he does  not like doing business '' with Sinn Fin .
James Dasaolu secured his place at the Rio Olympics with victory in the 100m at the British Championships .
Britain 's Paul Smith has lost his WBA light-middleweight title to Germany 's Gervonta Zeuge .
Detectives investigating the murder of a man a year ago have made a fresh appeal for information .
Deputy First Minister Martin McGuinness has said Sinn Fin has offered the justice ministry to the Alliance Party .
The NHS is on track to overspend its budget for the first time , official figures show .
The only surviving Victorian funeral store in the UK has been given protected status .
A man has died and a seven-year-old girl has been injured in a car crash .
The first images from a new constellation of Earth observation satellites have been released .
Mae arweinydd wedi dweud ei gyhuddo yn ym Mhen-y-bont !
Formula 1 's new driver 's head protection system will come into force on 1 July .
Dan Evans came from a set down to beat Russia 's Evgeny Donskoy in the third round of qualifying for the Australian Open .
Poundland , the UK 's biggest discount retailer , has made three major acquisitions in the past five years .
The US military has criticised Russia for sending surface-to-air missiles to Syria .
A man has been arrested after a police officer was struck by a car in Hamilton .
The University of Groningen is a landmark in the centre of the Dutch city .
Security forces in Lebanon have foiled an attempt to smuggle a highly addictive drug into the country from Saudi Arabia , the state-run National News Agency says .
When World War Two broke out , black men across the Caribbean volunteered to serve in the Merchant Navy .
Funding for British winter sports is to be increased following the success of the Sochi Olympics , says UK Sport .
Dutch rider Dylan Groenewegen won the opening stage of the Tour de Yorkshire .
A single sex school in Hampshire is to close .
England fast bowler Chris Tremlett has announced his retirement because of injury .
A woman who helped to raise money for the families of four people who died in a fire has been awarded an MBE .
A new system to prevent big banks going bust has been proposed .
Mexican video game publisher Slang has unveiled its first title at the E3 gaming show in Los Angeles .
National League side Tranmere Rovers have signed Welling United midfielder Ben Jefford on loan until the end of the season .
Climbers have climbed to the summit of Stac Lee and Stac an Armin , two of the highest mountains in the St Kilda archipelago .
British Vogue has appointed Edward Enninful as its new editor-in-chief .
Sri Lanka batsman Kumar Sangakkara has retired from Test cricket .
Australian Prime Minister Tony Abbott has defended his country 's asylum seeker policy after a US newspaper criticised it .
The government hopes to work with the Burmese government to find and restore the last two Spitfires , which went missing during the Second World War .
US Secretary of State Hillary Clinton has called for an end to the political crisis in Egypt .
Surrey completed a convincing innings victory over Warwickshire at The Oval to go top of the County Championship .
A classic car has gone missing for more than 20 years .
Former French President Nicolas Sarkozy 's former chief of staff has gone on the attack .
Ulster Bank has said it is working to fix a problem with its online payments system .
The Large Hadron Collider -LRB- LHCb -RRB- has failed to detect any new superparticles .
Housebuilder Barratt Developments has announced plans to build 1,000 new homes in Scotland over the next three years .
Uganda says it will withdraw all its soldiers from South Sudan by 1 November , as part of a peace deal to end the country 's civil war .
Two midwives accused of misconduct over the death of a baby did not know the mother was ill , a hearing has been told .
Stranraer have parted company with manager Brian Reid by mutual consent after a poor start to the Championship season .
An explosion has hit a building in the Turkish city of Diyarbakir .
As a sports journalist , I 've been to many major sporting events .
Scotland 's hopes of reaching the World Cup quarter-finals suffered a blow as they were outclassed by South Africa .
Deportivo La Coruna have sacked head coach Luis Sanchez after a poor run of form in La Liga .
Iceland 's government has introduced a bill that would require large companies to adopt equal pay policies .
Inspectors have found  serious concerns '' about the quality of care at two care homes in Scotland .
A man has been arrested following a stand-off with armed police in south London .
A Scottish man who went missing in India has been found .
A burglar has been banned from entering alleyways in Manchester .
Torquay United manager Kevin Nicholson says he will not get any money from the sale of Eunan O 'Kane to Bournemouth .
Rangers beat Celtic on penalties to reach the Scottish Cup final .
British gymnast Jack Bevan says he is  devastated '' after breaking his leg .
Eight men have been arrested in a series of drugs raids , police have said .
England all-rounder Ben Stokes says he will continue to fight for his place in the team despite his off-field controversies .
Ex-England captain Stuart Pearce is set to make his debut for a team dubbed  the worst in England '' .
New Year celebrations have been cancelled in the Chinese capital , Beijing .
Ospreys wing Keelan Giles has been called up to Wales ' Six Nations squad to replace the injured Hallam Amos .
India beat Sri Lanka by an innings and 92 runs in the second Test in Colombo to take an unassailable 2-0 lead in the three-match series .
A pensioner secretly filmed women in a Falkirk shopping centre with a hidden camera , a court has heard .
A teenager who was held at knifepoint , burned with cigarettes and raped by two teenagers has urged other victims to come forward .
MSPs are to question the Scottish government over claims that Police Scotland broke rules on spying on journalists .
Only seven of the FTSE 100 's 100 chief executives are women .
An application to drill for shale gas in Nottinghamshire has been submitted to the county council .
David Hockney 's assistant died after drinking acid in the artist 's bedroom , an inquest has heard .
The family of a missing French student have appealed for information after a man matching his description was seen running and walking .
Plans have been submitted for a new power station at a paper mill in Norfolk .
More than 160,000 people have successfully challenged parking tickets issued to them using a chatbot .
The number of children living in poverty in Wales is rising , a think tank has warned .
Mark Ronson and Bruno Mars have added five writers to their hit single Uptown Funk , following the Blurred Lines court case .
Labour 's Tristram Hunt is calling for a cross-party review of the exams system in England 's schools .
The number of cruise liner visits to Guernsey last year was the lowest since 1987 , according to the island 's harbour master .
Isobel and Cecilia Joyce starred as Ireland beat Zimbabwe by eight wickets in the ICC Women 's World Twenty20 Qualifier in Thailand .
There has been an increase in the number of students getting A* and A grades in some subjects .
An athletics club has said it is  devastated '' after being told it will no longer be able to train at Windsor Great Park .
Dozens of children rescued from the so-called Jungle camp in Calais are due to arrive in the UK .
Mae disgyblion sy'n astudio trwy'r Gymraeg yn Ysgol Uwchradd yn Aberhonddu , yn l cyngor Arwel Jones .
Russell Brand says he 's going to take legal action against The Sun , after it accused him of hypocrisy .
Peterborough United have sacked manager Graham Westley following Saturday 's 2-0 defeat by Scunthorpe .
Peterborough United manager Grant McCann says the club are  devastated '' for new signing Alex MacDonald after he broke his leg in training .
A Grade II-listed building in Stafford is to be turned into a campus for Staffordshire University .
Nottingham Forest manager Mark Warburton says he wants a squad of 21-22 players for next season .
Britain 's Ruta Meilutyte set a new world record in the women 's 100m breaststroke at the World Championships .
Boeing has reported a drop in sales and profits for the last three months of 2016 , as demand for military aircraft fell .
A plane has been forced to make an emergency landing at Edinburgh Airport after suffering a technical fault .
Almost one in five secondary schools in England is under-performing , according to government figures .
As the Church in Wales prepares to welcome its first female bishop , the BBC Wales News website looks at the history of women in the church .
Howler monkeys have a huge variation in the size of their vocal tract , according to new research .
Australian Prime Minister Tony Abbott has said his government will review the way politicians claim expenses .
The widow of a man killed in a crash on a dual carriageway has started a petition calling for safety improvements .
A large fire has broken out at a recycling centre in East Yorkshire .
Greece 's prime minister has called for dialogue with Russia , as the EU prepares to renew sanctions against Moscow .
World number one Lydia Ko hit a three-under-par 69 to move into contention at the US Women 's Open .
Tributes have been paid to the six people who died after a bin lorry crashed into pedestrians in Glasgow city centre .
The maker of Irn Bru , AG Barr , is to reduce the amount of sugar in its drinks .
Kerry Ball is to host this year 's Olivier Awards , it has been announced .
Gatwick Airport has reported record passenger numbers for the first half of the year , with 40.3 million journeys .
A man who stabbed a vulnerable man to death and stole his belongings has been jailed .
A door from a former supermarket in Cheltenham is to be restored after it was painted with the portrait of its former owner .
League Two side Luton Town have signed Southend United striker Ben Pigott on loan until the end of the season .
Buckingham Palace has said allegations that a woman was forced to have sex with Prince Andrew when she was under age are  categorically untrue '' .
Welsh taekwondo fighter Lauren Williams says she is feeling the pressure after winning a bronze medal at the European Championships .
Chinese artist Ai Weiwei has accused Lego of being  an influential cultural and political actor '' after it refused to sell his work .
An independent review is to be carried out into the collapse of a major investigation into alleged abuse at care homes , First Minister Carwyn Jones has announced .
Kent 's Darren Stevens hit an unbeaten century to put his side in a strong position against Essex .
Gardeners ' World presenter Monty Don has criticised the quality of garden plants sold in supermarkets .
Twenty-six Italian athletes have been provisionally suspended after failing drugs tests .
The first trailer for the new James Bond film Spectre has been released .
Smartphones , tablets , computers - they are everywhere .
Rangers Football Club is to list its shares on a London stock exchange .
Plans to build a giant dragon sculpture in Wrexham have been given a five-year extension .
A football club has become the first in the UK to introduce a vegan menu .
A 25-year-old man has been arrested in connection with the murder of a woman whose body was found in an undergrowth in Dublin .
Hibernian eased into the fourth round of the Scottish Cup with a thumping win over Bonnyrigg Rose .
Extra powers could be used to stop and search people during Saturday 's Champions League final , police have said .
Thousands of football fans were left waiting for up to an hour to enter a stadium for an FA Cup match .
Burton Albion have released six players , including goalkeeper George McLaughlin .
An inquest into the death of a man who tried to rescue a friend from the sea at a beach has been opened and adjourned .
Staff at the Office for National Statistics -LRB- ONS -RRB- are  anxious '' about a review which could see jobs moved from Newport , a union has said .
Plans for a  world-class '' surf centre in Snowdonia have been given a # 20m boost by the Welsh government .
A woman has been charged in connection with the death of an 80-year-old man .
An unexploded World War Two flare has been found on a beach in Pembrokeshire .
Prop Zander Murray believes Glasgow Warriors can win a third Pro12 title in a row .
Cameroon were knocked out of the Under-20 World Cup after losing 3-1 to Germany in Sochi .
England 's Justin Rose carded a one-under-par 69 to share the lead with American Rickie Fowler after the third round of the Wells Fargo Championship .
England captain Dylan Hartley says his side must improve if they are to become world champions for the first time .
A man has been shot dead after he rushed at a witness in a US court in Salt Lake City , Utah .
A health trust which runs two hospitals in Cumbria has been put into special measures .
A shortage of secondary school places in England is set to become a  significant issue '' for parents , councils say .
The Red Arrows fleet will be replaced , Defence Secretary Sir Michael Fallon has said .
Up to 70 jobs are under threat at an audio equipment factory in North Lanarkshire .
People who read tabloid newspapers as children make less progress in their language as adults , a study suggests .
A fuel company has been fined # 100,000 after a worker was crushed to death by two pallets of coal .
The Queen has been spotted eating out at a pub in East Lothian .
The price of carbon permits , a key part of the EU 's climate change system , has fallen to a new low .
Oil prices have risen above $50 a barrel for the first time this year , as a global supply glut appears to be easing .
The man who died after a light aircraft crashed at Ballymena Airport on Saturday has been named as David McKnight .
The decision on whether to build two new schools on the Isle of Man has been deferred for a month .
A peregrine falcon has been found dead in Conwy county , prompting a police investigation .
American swimmer Michael Phelps set a new world record to win the 200m individual medley at the US National Championships .
A mother has spoken of her anger at plans to stop giving her baby specialist formula milk .
Venezuela is in the grip of a severe economic crisis .
Chelsea manager Antonio Conte says it would be a  tragedy '' if Tottenham fail to win the Premier League this season .
Northern Ireland 's Ciara Foster and Jason Smyth qualified for the 100m semi-finals on the opening day of athletics action at the Commonwealth Games in Glasgow .
Three generations of the same family have been threatened at gunpoint during a robbery at a house in west Belfast .
Work has begun on a new seaside park , which will be the largest of its kind in the UK .
A 72-year-old Australian man who survived six days in the Outback by eating ants says he is  lucky '' to be alive .
Plans for a  multi-million pound '' sports and housing development in Stirlingshire backed by Judy Murray and Colin Montgomerie have been rejected .
Jordan Spieth will take a three-shot lead into the final round of the Dean & Deluca Invitational in Texas .
One Direction have topped the UK singles chart with their new single Drag Me Down .
The plastic fiver is coming to Northern Ireland .
David Cameron has said it is time for the UK to  move forward '' after Scotland voted against independence .
Defender Nathan Pond has signed a new one-year contract with National League side Cheltenham Town .
Shay Logan says Aberdeen manager Derek McInnes was a key factor in him signing a new contract .
Scientists say they have made a significant step towards a universal flu vaccine .
Cases of syphilis are soaring in London , according to new figures .
An election in Tanzania 's Zanzibar archipelago has been cancelled because of  gross irregularities '' , the electoral commission chairman has said .
It 's been an extraordinary week in English cricket .
Relatives of four Malaysian men shot dead by British troops during the Malaysian civil war have failed in a bid to have their case heard in the UK .
The owner of a drilling rig that ran aground in the Western Isles has paid # 100,000 to the Marine and Coastguard Agency .
A Scottish town has been voted the best place to live in the country .
Transport for London -LRB- TfL -RRB- believes anti-social behaviour will rise on the Night Tube , causing  high crime levels '' , according to a report .
Poland 's media scene is dominated by TV , radio and newspapers .
The UK is to extend free trade with the world 's poorest countries after Brexit , the government has announced .
South Korea 's president has announced plans to salvage the Sewol ferry , which sank on 16 April .
The Welsh Government 's plans to cut funding to Careers Wales are  ridiculous '' , the Unison union has said .
If you 're a fan of The Apprentice , you 'll know that it 's all about the worst moments .
A new law in Iran requires internet firms to share details of users with the government .
A man accused of shooting dead an Indian man in the US state of Kansas has been charged with murder .
The US justice department has accused the Los Angeles County Sheriff 's Office of  serious systemic deficiencies '' in the way it treats inmates .
Black Friday has cemented its place as the UK 's busiest online shopping day of the year , according to Visa Europe .
Strong winds and heavy rain are expected to hit parts of Wales on Tuesday .
A rescue boat made in south Wales has been sent to the Greek island of Lesbos to help with the migrant crisis .
Work has begun to restore a medieval castle on the Isle of Wight .
The head of one of the world 's biggest banks has said he is prepared to move jobs out of London into the EU .
Tony Bellew has ruled out fighting fellow Briton Anthony Joshua in the future .
The organisers of the Derry International Fleadh have said they hope to bring the festival back to the city in 2017 .
Hearts have agreed a deal to sign striker Conor Sammon from Derby County .
Atlantis is back on our TV screens this weekend , and it 's got a whole new look .
Alfred Russel Wallace was one of Britain 's most famous scientists and one of the most famous people in the world .
David De Gea 's proposed move from Manchester United to Real Madrid has collapsed .
In the bowels of Manchester City 's Etihad Stadium , a group of journalists are sitting around a table surrounded by a row of microphones .
When you play at the Bernabeu you have to be able to handle the atmosphere .
Ukraine has won the Eurovision Song Contest for the first time .
John Baird 's injury-time goal gave St Mirren victory over Ayr United in the Scottish League Cup .
Labour leadership candidate Andy Burnham has said he is  realistic '' about winning the contest .
One of the world 's largest Roman mosaics will go to a nearby museum , the mayor of Leicester has said .
Neil Patrick Harris ' hosting of the Oscars was a bit of a gamble .
A female polar bear at a Scottish wildlife park is thought to be expecting her first cub .
Singer Lily Allen has spoken of the  years of torture '' she suffered at the hands of a stalker .
A council is facing legal action over the sale of an ancient Egyptian statue .
The New Saints reached the fourth round of the Scottish Cup with a comfortable win over Livingston .
Wakefield Trinity Wildcats prop Kevin Simon has signed a new two-year contract with the club .
Catalans Dragons prop Paul Aiton will miss the start of the Super League season with a hamstring injury .
Former Labour leader Ed Miliband has called on young people to register to vote .
US retail giant Walmart has agreed a deal with China 's JD.com to expand its business in the country .
A new law in southern Pakistan recognising Hindu marriages has been welcomed by rights activists .
Bus and coach operator Stagecoach has announced orders for more than 500 new vehicles .
The prime minister 's plans for a four-year ban on EU migrants claiming benefits in the UK are still  resolved '' , the work and pensions secretary has said .
The former owner of BHS , Sir Philip Green , is set to meet the pensions regulator later this week , the BBC understands .
There is no obvious reason to be concerned about the proposed merger of two of the world 's biggest eyewear firms .
Paralympic athlete Abdullah Hayayei has died after being struck by a metal pole , the International Paralympic Committee has confirmed .
New York City 's City Council has passed a bill to limit the activities of costumed characters in Times Square .
Japanese messaging app Line has filed to list its shares on the New York Stock Exchange .
At least eight people have been found dead in a trailer outside a Walmart store in San Antonio , Texas , officials say .
David Cameron has sought to play down reports of a rift in UK-China relations .
Waiting times in accident and emergency units in England have improved for the first time in a year .
Britain 's Chris Froome extended his lead in the Tour de France with victory on stage 16 in the Jura mountains , won by Javier Pantano .
Thousands of airport workers in Chile have gone on strike in a dispute over pensions .
Security firm G4S has reported a  strong performance '' in emerging markets but a fall in UK revenues .
Germany 's Christoph Walz won Olympic gold in the men 's kayak single 1,000m .
Thousands of elderly people are facing delays in getting the care they need , according to a charity .
Gaia Smith has won the prestigious Winton Prize for her book about the  age we made '' .
The best-of-seven World Series between the Cleveland Indians and the Chicago Cubs begins on Wednesday night .
The Newry-based financial technology firm , First Derivatives , made a pre-tax profit of # 14m in the year to the end of March .
India 's parliament has passed a bill to raise the age of juvenile offenders to 16 .
A student who unearthed an Anglo-Saxon pendant in a field in Norfolk has said it has given him a  good dissertation project '' .
Liverpool have rejected a second bid from Manchester City for England winger Raheem Sterling .
Wales coach Warren Gatland says Shane Williams is a  once-in-a-generation player '' .
John Whittingdale has been appointed as the new culture secretary .
Meet the Arctic Mission , a team of explorers .
Saracens and England number eight Billy Vunipola could return from injury in time for the start of the Six Nations .
A man has been arrested in connection with an alleged robbery in Ballymena , County Antrim .
British Gymnastics is investigating a video which appears to show Olympic silver medallist Louis Smith appearing to mock Islam .
Luis Suarez 's four-month ban for biting an opponent has been upheld by the Court of Arbitration for Sport -LRB- Cas -RRB- .
Two men have appeared in court in Zimbabwe in connection with the killing of a lion .
A Chinese woman 's claim that her husband had divorced her because of her  fat face '' has sparked a social media storm .
German police have arrested a man suspected of being a jihadist fighter in Syria .
Women 's Super League One side Yeovil Town Ladies have re-signed striker Natasha Heatherson on a one-year contract .
A teenager who was stabbed to death in east London has been named by police .
Stuart McCloskey has signed a new four-year contract with Ulster .
An 87-year-old woman was kept on a trolley for eight hours while waiting to be admitted to hospital .
Tributes have been paid to a man who died along with another man after getting into difficulty while swimming in a lake .
It 's a plea from the German press .
Voters in Iraq go to the polls on 20 January to elect a new parliament .
Photographs of Paralympic runner Richard Whitehead 's training ahead of the Rio Games are to go on display .
Reading defender Jobi McAnuff says he would like to extend his stay at the club .
On Wednesday , the Welsh Government will set out its spending plans for the next five years .
MPs have threatened to bring a complaint of contempt against Sports Direct owner Mike Ashley if he refuses to give evidence to them .
The former Liberal Democrat leader , Lord Alderdice , has urged Prime Minister Theresa May not to view the issue of the Irish border as if she is still home secretary .
Farmers are to be given the power to manage their own flood defences , the government has announced .
A number of surfers have been heading to one of the world 's most famous beaches after a storm hit the UK .
Lifeguards are to be on duty at a beach where eight people drowned last year .
Divers in Israel have discovered a haul of gold coins believed to have been collected by the Fatimid Caliphate .
England head coach Eddie Jones is expected to name his initial 37-man squad for the autumn Tests on Friday .
The Green Party is calling for free sanitary products for women and children in Europe .
Surgeons are trialling a new method of 3D printing which they say could help to regrow body parts .
A group of young children dressed as elves have been attacked by a gang of teenagers .
A US man has been charged with terrorism offences after allegedly travelling to Pakistan to fight against American forces .
South Africa 's President Jacob Zuma has announced a freeze on university fees in a bid to end weeks of protests .
The search and rescue helicopter base in Inverness has celebrated its first anniversary .
A bouncy castle believed to be the largest in the world has been built for a music festival .
Reve De Sivola won the Tied Cottage Chase at Kempton on Saturday .
Volkswagen has delayed the release of its annual results as it continues to grapple with the emissions scandal .
South Africa is one of the world 's most popular holiday destinations , but there are plenty of other things to see and do .
Porto stunned Bayern Munich in the first leg of their Champions League quarter-final tie .
A man has been jailed for life for murdering a 43-year-old man in Brighton .
Aberdeen chairman Stewart Milne has said plans for a new stadium remain on the agenda .
Down produced a superb display to beat Meath in Saturday 's Football League game at Healy Park .
Irish Travellers have an Irish ancestry , according to a new study .
Bolton Wanderers goalkeeper Mark Howard has been ruled out for six to eight weeks with a broken leg .
A man has admitted making threats to shoot police officers in Flintshire .
Actress and singer Liza Minnelli has cancelled a series of appearances in the UK .
Footage has emerged of the moment a gunman opened fire on Turkish opposition journalist Can Dundar outside his home in Istanbul .
Libya have been stripped of the right to host the 2017 Africa Cup of Nations because of ongoing fighting in the country .
New Zealand 's Corey Anderson will miss Somerset 's T20 Blast campaign because of a hamstring injury .
As Barack Obama stood on the steps of the African Union -LRB- AU -RRB- headquarters in Addis Ababa , Ethiopia , the heavens opened up .
A former detective constable with the Metropolitan Police has been jailed for four years for possessing and distributing indecent images of children .
A conservation group has criticised the Scottish government 's decision to remove beavers illegally released in the Highlands .
Castleford Tigers won the Challenge Cup for the first time in their history with a comfortable victory over local rivals Wakefield Trinity .
French police have dismantled a Roma -LRB- Gypsies -RRB- camp in central Paris .
Channing Tatum is to star in a remake of 1991 Oscar-nominated film Rear Window .
In many parts of Africa , chicken is a national dish .
British IndyCar driver Justin Wilson has died from head injuries sustained in a crash during Sunday 's race .
Commonwealth super-lightweight champion Josh Taylor has been described as a  phenomenal force '' by his trainer Shane McGuigan .
Mitchell Johnson hopes he can banish the memories of his Ashes-winning year by helping Australia regain the Ashes .
More than 40 million people attended cultural events during the Cultural Olympiad , a report has said .
Ricky Burns came into his world title fight against Michele Di Rocco with a record of 40 wins and a draw from 42 bouts .
The contract to build trains for the HS2 high-speed rail line has been launched .
Wales recovered from their opening Six Nations defeat by England to beat Scotland at Murrayfield .
Fifa presidential candidate Gianni Infantino wants the World Cup to be played every four years .
Former England batsman Michael Carberry scored a century on his return to competitive cricket for Hampshire .
The chief executive of Chinese search giant Baidu has been caught on camera apparently driving a self-driving car in Beijing .
Schools should discuss female genital mutilation -LRB- FGM -RRB- with parents , teachers say .
A species of jumping spider uses its silk dragline to control its jumping manoeuvres , according to scientists .
A blue plaque has been unveiled at the home of a woman wrongly accused of plotting to kill the prime minister 100 years ago .
China 's first space station is set to fall back to Earth , state media report .
There has been a rise in the number of children trespassing on railway lines in Wales , police have said .
A man has been found guilty of beating his girlfriend to death .
Chris Ashton scored two tries as Saracens moved to within a point of Premiership leaders Exeter with a bonus-point win over Bath .
An  urgent '' campaign is needed to boost tourism in Cumbria following the recent floods , a tourism boss has said .
The mystery of the bright spots on the dwarf planet Ceres has been solved .
Virtual doctors use technology to help people in remote parts of the world get better care .
Anheuser-Busch InBev , the world 's biggest brewer , has agreed a deal to buy rival SABMiller .
The family of a missing airman have said they are  devastated '' by his disappearance .
A body has been found following a fire in Fife .
A three-weekly collection of black bags is being considered by Pembrokeshire council .
Rebels in Syria have announced the start of a new offensive against government forces .
How much would you have to borrow to go to university ?
A late try from Ashley Matavesi earned Ospreys a draw against Racing 92 in the European Champions Cup .
Two goals from Liam Cummins helped St Johnstone to victory over Hamilton Academical at McDiarmid Park .
Tui , the UK 's biggest holiday firm , has said it is  deeply shocked '' by the terrorist attack on a beach in Tunisia in June .
More than 13,000 drivers have been caught speeding at a camera in Cardiff .
The EU referendum should not be held on the same day as the Welsh and Scottish elections , Labour has said .
Three men have been jailed for defrauding businesses out of thousands of pounds .
Craig Gordon is determined to keep his place in the Celtic team after a heroic display against Manchester City .
Scientists at Oxford University have developed smart glasses that can help people with sight problems .
UK manufacturers are more pessimistic about the future than at any time since the financial crisis , a survey has found .
US President-elect Donald Trump has said he will withdraw the US from the Trans-Pacific Partnership -LRB- TPP -RRB- trade deal when he takes office in January .
Atletico Madrid won the Spanish title for the first time with a draw at Barcelona .
Bank of Scotland has launched its new plastic 5 note .
Ireland 's economy grew by 1.5% in the second quarter of the year , compared with the previous three months , official figures show .
Scientists are increasingly turning to artificial intelligence to speed up the discovery of new medicines .
A group of MPs has called on the government to legalise medical cannabis after publishing the results of a seven-month inquiry into medicinal use of the drug .
The so-called Islamic State -LRB- IS -RRB- will soon be driven out of Mosul , the UK says .
Leicester Tigers wing Tom Benjamin is likely to miss the rest of the season with a knee injury .
The introduction of a criminal courts charge has prompted  grave misgivings '' about its operation , MPs have said .
Aston Villa defender Andreas Weimann has left the club , according to assistant manager Eric Black .
The last time India hosted a football World Cup , in 1950 , the country was in the grip of a severe financial crisis .
A man has appeared in court charged with attempted murder following an attack in Denny .
The board of the Berlin Philharmonic orchestra has failed to appoint a new music director .
A 19-year-old man has died after being stabbed in the chest in Dublin city centre .
Beyonce has received a record-breaking 10 nominations for the 2017 Grammy Awards .
Adolf Hitler 's paintings have been sold at an auction in Germany .
A man has been airlifted to hospital after falling from a kayak on Anglesey .
Satellite images have revealed the extent of the destruction caused by so-called Islamic State -LRB- IS -RRB- in the Iraqi city of Mosul .
If you 've ever struggled with depression or anxiety , you 'll know it can be hard to cope .
Two senior professors at Swansea University 's School of Management have been accused of bullying and harassment by staff .
An ice cream company has stepped in to help save a school in a small town in western Canada .
Bury climbed off the bottom of League One with a 2-1 win over Coventry at Gigg Lane .
Cardiff Storm secured their place in the Elite League play-offs with victory over Manchester Storm .
Pedro has returned home after suffering a head injury in Chelsea 's pre-season friendly against Shanghai SIPG .
Mae Llywodraeth Prydain wedi cyhoeddi amgylchedd yn adnewyddol sydd yn lleihau .
A girl who was born with part of her leg behind her pelvis has undergone pioneering surgery in Australia .
Belize is a small country on the north-west coast of Central America .
Captain Scott Brown has urged Celtic fans to give the club a chance of winning the Scottish Premiership title .
For decades , baseball has been the most popular sport in Japan .
A hospital in Greater Manchester has been taken out of special measures following an inspection .
Robin van Persie says his eye is  undamaged '' after he was hit in the face by a ball during Fenerbahce 's match on Saturday .
If you want to know how much Star Wars memorabilia is worth , Craig Stevens is the man for you .
A man has been charged with murder after a woman was stabbed to death in south London .
A health trust that runs the Royal London Hospital and Newham University Hospital has been told it must improve .
Emma Croker will make her first start for England Women in Saturday 's Six Nations match against Ireland .
Portsmouth have signed defender Jonathan Obika on a deal until the end of the season .
British troops are to be sent to Somalia and South Sudan to help tackle terrorism , David Cameron has said .
Passengers were evacuated from Oxford Circus Tube station after a fire broke out on a train .
Bomb disposal experts were called to a street in Sheffield after an unexploded device was found .
British Athletics says it is  puzzled '' by comments made by Paralympic champion David Weir , who said he was retiring from track and field .
A video of a young gorilla dancing has gone viral .
Physical education should be made a core subject in schools in Wales , a report has recommended .
A giant model of a crystal has been built in the Austrian capital , Vienna .
The new leader of the Afghan Taliban , Mullah Akhtar Mohammad Mansour , has called for unity in an audio message .
Rangers have appointed Manchester City academy director Mark Allen as their new director of football .
The latest series of Celebrity Big Brother was watched by an average of 2.3 million viewers on Thursday night , overnight ratings show .
Plans for a  world-class '' cycle park in Powys have been approved .
The number of people killed on Britain 's roads rose by 49 in the last year , official figures show .
The former home of author John Fowles is to open to the public .
Manchester City manager Roberto Mancini says Carlos Tevez could play for the club again .
The rector of the University of Aberdeen has called on the Scottish government to withdraw controversial proposals for university governance .
When Lego asked its customers what they wanted to use its bricks for , it was meant to be a simple question .
Five teenagers who took part in a mass riot in Torfaen have been given detention and training orders .
A drunk squirrel has been caught on camera drinking beer in a railway club .
It 's the start of a new career .
Championship side Bolton Wanderers have re-signed defender Craig Davies on a two-year deal .
Fossils of the first pine trees have been discovered .
Fire crews have tackled a blaze at a flat in Edinburgh .
The world 's smallest book is to be featured on the BBC 's Antiques Roadshow .
A man has died after being hit by a car in Maidstone .
Tommy Seymour scored a hat-trick of tries as Glasgow came from behind to beat Leinster at Scotstoun .
Labour should  shut up shop '' if it thinks opposition is better than political power , the party 's leader in Wales has said .
Catalans Dragons forward Willie Mason has been ruled out for the rest of the season with an ankle injury .
Ennio Morricone has said he is  flattered '' to have worked with director Quentin Tarantino , despite previously criticising his style .
Riek Machar , the former vice-president of South Sudan , has said he will return to the country .
Plans to create a single county council in Oxfordshire have been unveiled .
A 12-year-old boy who was left in a coma after being hit by a car on the Isle of Wight has started to walk again .
A human chain has been lit up at Coventry Cathedral to mark the 70th anniversary of the bombing of the city .
MPs have invited a former British Cycling coach to give evidence to their inquiry into a suspicious package delivered to Sir Bradley Wiggins .
The news that the missing Malaysia Airlines plane has been found is a grim reminder of the dangers of flying .
Two men who were falsely imprisoned and assaulted by police have been awarded more than # 20,000 in damages .
A British backpacker who was stabbed to death at an Australian hostel has died in hospital .
The former chairman of Northampton Town Football Club , David Cardoza , received millions of pounds from a company that went into administration , it has emerged .
Pope Francis has approved a second miracle attributed to Mother Teresa , paving the way for the Roman Catholic nun to be declared a saint this year .
The world 's second largest economy is coming to the UK .
The Calbuco volcano in southern Chile has erupted for the second time in a week , prompting the evacuation of some 2,000 people .
A surfer who was attacked by a shark off the coast of Western Australia has died in hospital .
The first thing you notice when you arrive in Ulsan , South Korea , is how strange it is .
The square in front of the cathedral in the centre of Cologne is a hive of activity .
Vodafone has said it is too early to say whether it will keep its headquarters in London after the UK voted to leave the European Union .
The South West is to receive the biggest share of a government fund to tackle the housing affordability crisis , it has been announced .
A butcher has said he is  gutted '' after turkeys , ducks and chickens were stolen from his shop during a break-in .
Two police dog units are to merge in a bid to save money .
Far-right and Eurosceptic parties are on the rise across Europe .
Catalans Dragons have signed former Australia prop Willie Mason on a one-year deal .
Sir Bradley Wiggins says he stands by his claim that illegal intravenous injections were used to treat his asthma .
Conor McGregor is one of the most recognisable figures in the Ultimate Fighting Championship -LRB- UFC -RRB- .
The number of children 's social workers in England is at its lowest level for a decade , official figures show .
The closure of 30 shellfish beds in Cornwall has been lifted by the Food Standards Agency -LRB- FSA -RRB- .
The family of a man who died after a police chase have urged protesters not to burn down homes .
George North says the British and Irish Lions can build on their disappointing start to the tour of New Zealand .
The Syrian city of Homs has been the scene of some of the worst fighting of the civil war .
An anti-bullying charity has called on a gym to remove a poster it says is  offensive '' .
Twenty-five people have been arrested in Italy on suspicion of match-fixing , police say .
A 200-year-old windmill in Hampshire has been restored .
Health care should be  ready and waiting '' when people leave hospital , election candidates have said .
Cristiano Ronaldo 's late header gave Portugal victory over Sweden in the first leg of their World Cup play-off .
US President-elect Donald Trump has dismissed intelligence reports that Russia meddled in the US election to help him win .
The Knights of Malta have been celebrating their 900th anniversary at the Vatican .
What is the greatest international team of all time ?
The father of missing airman Corrie Mckeague has visited a landfill site where he believes his son is buried .
Highland Council has said it is committed to providing  appropriate access to technology '' for schools .
A new Sherlock Holmes-themed maze has opened at a theme park in America .
Police have released footage showing the moment officers stormed the Lindt Cafe during the Sydney siege .
A Mexican man has been charged with the 2010 murder of a US Border Patrol agent .
The school day could be shortened and teaching jobs could be cut in a bid to save # 1m , according to a letter sent to parents .
More than 1,000 people have signed an online petition to save a college for people with learning difficulties .
Betty Churcher , one of Australia 's leading art gallery directors , has died at the age of 83 .
The prime minister has revealed her Christmas TV plans .
A 25-year-old man has died after his car was involved in a crash with a lorry on the A90 in South Lanarkshire .
The plight of Australia 's children is one of the country 's greatest social and economic challenges .
Hundreds of jobs are under threat in Aberdeen and London , according to the oil services firm Aker Solutions .
A Conservative-run council in Surrey has announced plans to increase council tax by 15% .
Manchester City manager Pep Guardiola says his side were  not good enough '' to win the Premier League this season .
National League side York City have signed former Forest Green Rovers midfielder Emmanuel Kamdjo on a two-year deal .
The Queen will be the guest of honour at the Royal Welsh regiment 's colours parade at Cardiff Arms Park .
Vocational colleges in the West Midlands are taking a new approach to teaching GCSEs .
Former England winger David Ginola has launched a campaign to challenge Sepp Blatter for the Fifa presidency .
Labour 's general election defeat was a  massive crisis '' for the party in Wales , a former minister has said .
Donald Trump 's campaign manager has been cleared of assaulting a reporter .
Plans for a new technology park and teaching block at the University of Sussex have been submitted .
The owner of a dog that attacked a young girl is being sought by police .
Liverpool manager Jurgen Klopp says the club will find a solution to the future of Wales midfielder Joe Allen .
A football fan who ran on to the pitch during a match has been given a suspended jail sentence .
A drug dealer accused of shooting a rival with a crossbow has denied being involved in the killing .
The father of a woman who died after being gang-raped on a bus in the Indian capital , Delhi , has reportedly said she should be named .
-LRB- Close -RRB- : London 's leading shares closed lower , dragged down by mining stocks .
A new Peruvian satellite has sent back its first images .
Speedway club Leicester Tigers have been saved from administration .
The UK has voted to leave the European Union .
Sudan have been disqualified from the Africa Cup of Nations qualifiers after five players were found to be ineligible .
A woman has died in hospital after being set on fire in her home .
Some operations may have to be cancelled because of pressures on hospitals , the chief executive of the Royal College of Surgeons in Wales has said .
A driver who knocked down a lollipop lady outside a Bedfordshire school has apologised to her .
Activity in the UK 's manufacturing sector picked up in May , a survey has suggested .
A man has been found not guilty by reason of insanity of attempting to murder a Muslim man .
The price of watching football in Britain has mostly remained the same or even become cheaper , suggests pressure from supporters and government has finally had an impact after the ticket price inflation of recent seasons , along with clubs becoming more prepared to pass on more of their ever-increasing broadcast rights revenues to their customers .
A rare white lion cub has been born at a zoo in South Africa .
Two men have been airlifted to hospital after falling ill on a tanker off the coast of Cornwall .
Leicester City manager Claudio Ranieri has urged his players to  fight until the end '' .
Green Party leader Caroline Lucas has called for a second referendum on any Brexit deal .
For more than a decade , Ryan Smith was a  big time gangster drug dealer '' .
Activity in the UK housing market is starting to slow down , according to surveyors .
Japanese carmaker Mazda has unveiled a new petrol engine that it says will be the world 's most fuel-efficient .
Further human remains have been found by police investigating the discovery of a skull on a motorway slip road .
The bodies of 55 greyhounds have been found in a shallow grave in the Australian state of Queensland .
People who play golf live longer than those who do not , a study has suggested .
Northampton Town have been granted a winding-up petition by HM Revenue & Customs .
A review of the impact of the closure of Police Scotland 's control room in Dumfries has found it has been a  significant change '' .
A number of teachers in Wales have been banned from the profession for posting explicit images online .
House prices in the East of England have risen faster than the rest of the UK , official figures show .
The father of one of three reservists who died on an SAS selection march has told an inquest his son 's death could have been prevented .
In the summer of 1975 , North Vietnamese tanks rolled into South Vietnam 's capital , Hanoi .
Mark Stoneman 's century was not enough to prevent Durham losing to Warwickshire at Edgbaston .
Students at Aberystwyth University will have to wait until next year to move into their new halls of residence , the university has said .
Dover eased to a 2-0 victory over Guiseley at the Crabble Athletic Ground .
Kizza Besigye is the main challenger to Uganda 's President Yoweri Museveni .
The chairman of the group which saved Cardigan Castle from closure has resigned from his post .
Police are investigating the death of a man at a flat in Edinburgh .
Russian Prime Minister Dmitry Medvedev has warned at the Munich Security Conference of the dangers of a Cold War .
Police investigating the rape of a teenage girl have released e-fit images of two men they want to trace .
Bonfires have been lit across Northern Ireland to mark the Twelfth of July .
Morrisons has raised the price of Marmite , according to reports .
The Confederation of African Football 's secretary general, Mustapha El Amrani , has resigned .
Teachers ' unions have rejected a new pay offer from the Department of Education .
The education of prisoners in England and Wales is to be reviewed by the justice secretary .
The Pirate Bay has suffered a distributed denial of service -LRB- DDoS -RRB- attack .
The words Roald Dahl used to tell the stories of Charlie and the Chocolate Factory and Matilda have been immortalised in the Oxford Roald Dahl Dictionary .
A growing number of critically endangered species are establishing themselves as self-sustaining populations outside of their native range , a study suggests .
Scotland 's nursing workforce is facing a  perfect storm '' , a union has warned .
A custody sergeant accused of killing a man who died after being restrained did not know how to deal with him , a court has heard .
Ivan Lendl says he has been approached by a number of players about returning as Andy Murray 's coach .
Raymond Aubrac , one of the last surviving members of the French resistance to Nazi occupation , has died at the age of 100 .
Demolition work has begun on a block of flats in North Ayrshire that was destroyed when a lorry crashed into them .
Great Britain 's double Olympic champion Nicola Adams has welcomed the WBC 's decision to ban three-minute rounds in women 's boxing .
Mexico stunned hosts Brazil to win the men 's Olympic football title for the first time .
China 's weightlifting team have been suspended for a year after three of their athletes tested positive for banned substances .
Ben Affleck says he is  honoured '' to have been asked to star in his brother Matt Damon 's directorial debut , Manchester by the Sea .
Glamorgan made it two wins out of two in the One-Day Cup by beating Gloucestershire at the SSE Swalec Stadium .
A mass bandstand marathon has been held in Trafalgar Square to mark the end of the London 2012 Festival .
League One side Crewe Alexandra have signed former Bolton Wanderers goalkeeper Jussi Jaaskelainen on a one-year deal .
A teenager has appeared in court charged with murdering 16-year-old Bailey Gwynne at an Aberdeen school .
Google has announced that it is shutting down its research into Glass .
UK manufacturing output has fallen into recession , according to the Office for National Statistics .
The Police Service of Northern Ireland -LRB- PSNI -RRB- has appealed against a ruling that it failed in its legal duty to stop loyalist flag protests .
US singer Chris Brown has been caught up in a shooting at a nightclub in California that left five people injured .
The Hainan gibbon , one of the world 's rarest apes , was once widespread across China , according to a new study .
Parents may be feeding their overweight babies and young children too much , research suggests .
Substitutes Marcus Rashford and Marouane Fellaini scored late goals as Manchester United maintained their perfect start to the Premier League season with victory over Leicester City at Old Trafford .
A third of working families with children would be unable to cover their housing costs for more than a month if they lost a job , a Shelter survey suggests .
Championship side Hull City have signed Chelsea defender Michael Hector on a season-long loan deal .
England captain Wayne Rooney should remain with the national team , says former midfielder Frank Lampard .
Hampshire boosted their hopes of reaching the T20 Blast quarter-finals with a five-wicket win over Glamorgan at the Ageas Bowl .
A pilot who died when his Folland Gnat jet crashed during an air display at CarFest has been named .
The head of Jeremy Corbyn 's anti-Semitism review has been appointed to the House of Lords .
The Church of England and the Church of Scotland have signed a  declaration of partnership '' .
Scientists have discovered a new class of plastic that can be recycled .
Protests have broken out in the Indian-administered region of Kashmir after a Hindu temple was vandalised .
More than 100,000 international students could be put off studying in the UK if the country leaves the EU , suggests a report .
A schoolgirl has lost a High Court action against a Sinn Fin MLA .
A BBC Persian presenter has been barred from travelling to the United States , despite having dual nationality .
The UK government has been criticised for cancelling a second competition to develop carbon capture and storage technology .
Working-age households are at risk of being less wealthy than those born a decade earlier , a report has suggested .
Olympic champion Laura Trott won the women 's individual pursuit at the British Track Championships in Manchester .
A man who crashed a stolen car into a police officer has been jailed for 12 years .
Oscar Prez , a member of Venezuela 's elite forensic police force , has been accused of carrying out an attack on the country 's Supreme Court .
Mark Wood and Steven Finn have been left out of England 's squads for the one-day series against the South in Dubai and Abu Dhabi in March .
A campaign has been launched to save the apartment where Dylan Thomas lived in London 's Hotel Chelsea .
A man whose remains were found in a forest in Conwy county sustained  serious head trauma '' , police have said .
The Polish ambassador to the UK has said he is  shocked '' by reports of  xenophobic abuse '' following the Brexit vote .
At least 40 people have been killed in three suicide bombings in the southern Yemeni city of Aden , officials say .
An office of a Muslim advocacy group in Washington DC has been evacuated after staff received an envelope containing a white powder .
Naked man Stephen Gough has been made the subject of a public order .
A multi-million pound redevelopment of a shopping centre has been given the go-ahead .
Police in western Germany are hunting for a teenager suspected of killing his 13-year-old brother after posting a sexually explicit image of him on the internet .
Labour has retained Cardiff South and Penarth in a by-election .
In the middle of a field in the hills of Georgetown , a small group of players are preparing to take to the pitch .
A man in a wheelchair has blown himself up at Beijing 's international airport .
Cardiff Devils assistant coach Scott Kelman has dismissed claims by Sheffield Steelers that Sunday 's Challenge Cup final is a  media circus '' .
Oil giant BP has withdrawn a number of non-essential staff from Libya , following advice from the Foreign Office .
A man has died after falling from the third floor of a block of flats .
The Rail, Maritime and Transport union -LRB- RMT -RRB- has said it will accept a pay and conditions offer for the Night Tube .
A tennis player who had to leave her home country of Zimbabwe because of her asylum case has won a youth award as part of the Black History Month celebrations .
BBC Radio 5 live and 5 live sports extra .
New Jersey Reds signing Matt Stevens says he wants to help the club reach the Championship play-offs .
A convicted killer who raped a woman a year after being released from prison has been jailed .
Sunderland manager Sam Allardyce says he is determined not to repeat the mistakes that led to their relegation from the Premier League .
A former Methodist minister tried to hypnotise boys before sexually abusing them , a court has heard .
More than 1,000 homes and businesses in the Republic of Ireland have been left without electricity .
A 16-year-old boy arrested on suspicion of terrorism offences has been released .
At a camp for displaced people in South Sudan , 16-year-old Kai Luka has been hiding in a swamp .
A police force 's decision to stop detaining mentally ill people in custody has contributed to a rise in emergency admissions , a doctor has said .
A man has died in a house fire in Greater Manchester .
A US judge has increased the amount of damages Apple must pay in a patent dispute with a university .
A health board has been accused of a  culture of complacency '' over its finances .
Liberal Democrat leader Nick Clegg has accused the Conservatives of  weakening '' civil liberties .
Britain 's Mo Farah set a new world record in winning the Great North Run in Newcastle .
A woman told her dog to attack another woman in Aberdeen , a court has heard .
Mae penodiad yn dilyn ymddeoliad Wyn Evans , wedi dweud bod ei hethol gan aelodau y mis Tachwedd .
British number four Aljaz Bedene says he wants to play for Slovenia at the 2020 Tokyo Olympics .
Neil Stevenson says he would like to stay at Hibernian beyond his current contract , which expires at the end of the season .
Former Labour deputy leader Harriet Harman says that if the UK votes to leave the European Union , women 's rights would be in jeopardy .
Curzon is to receive the Outstanding British Contribution to Cinema award at the Bafta Film Awards .
West Ham have agreed a deal to sign Mexico striker Javier Hernandez from Bayer Leverkusen .
The SNP has been confirmed as the official third largest party at Westminster .
Brazil 's President Dilma Rousseff has left the presidential palace in the capital , Brasilia .
A 21-year-old man has been shot in the leg in west Belfast .
UKIP AM Mark Reckless is set to join the Welsh Conservatives , BBC Wales understands .
An Army reservist who collapsed on an SAS selection exercise was  half-an-hour from the finish '' , an inquest has heard .
A lack of agreement on how to deal with the legacy of the Troubles has been criticised by the police .
The former headquarters of indebted Indian tycoon Vijay Mallya 's defunct Kingfisher Airlines has been put up for sale .
Former Essex coach Simon Grayson has been appointed as the new head coach of Yorkshire Diamonds .
For the past 25 years , I have been collecting matchbox labels .
Prince Buaben has joined Hearts after leaving Carlisle United .
The UK 's tax authority is planning to target online sellers who fail to pay tax .
At least 30 civilians have been killed in a Taliban attack in southern Afghanistan , officials say .
A privacy campaigner has taken his case against Facebook to the Irish High Court .
An Iranian court has sentenced a US academic to 10 years in prison for spying for the US and Britain , state media report .
Lassie the osprey has laid her first egg at the Loch of the Lowes nature reserve .
Craig McAllister rescued a point for 10-man Eastleigh with a late equaliser against Aldershot .
The Council for the Curriculum, Examinations and Assessment -LRB- CCEA -RRB- is investigating an allegation of exam malpractice .
The family of a boy killed in a hit-and-run crash on the Greek island of Zakynthos have said they are  devastated '' after his killer was given a suspended sentence .
Prince Charles urged former prime minister Tony Blair to introduce a cull of badgers , newly-released documents show .
The death of a man whose body was found in a London subway is being treated as suspicious , police have said .
A man is to stand trial accused of displaying an offensive banner at the Glasgow derby between Rangers and Celtic .
Seventy years ago , Luftwaffe planes bombed the centre of Manchester .
A woman who admitted murdering her mother has been detained under the Mental Health Act .
Online publishers have expressed concern about the terms of a deal with Apple that will see them included in its forthcoming news app .
Archaeologists are searching for the remains of King Henry I in Reading .
Prisons in England and Wales are in a  state of crisis '' , the chief inspector of prisons has said .
A man who broke through the roof of his girlfriend 's flat to evade police has been jailed for 12 months .
The director of accident and emergency at St Bartholomew 's Hospital in London has described the Christmas period as the busiest in the hospital 's history .
The stars of Star Trek Beyond have defended the decision to introduce a gay character in the new film .
Michael Gove has said he accepts that Theresa May  no longer had a place '' for him in the cabinet .
Two road workers have been seriously injured after being hit by a van in Devon .
The US space agency Nasa is planning to send humans to Mars .
South African-born Huw Jones has been called up to the Scotland squad for the summer tour of Japan .
The police ombudsman 's office is to resume investigations into historical complaints against the police .
The UK is to formally protest to Ecuador over the cost of policing Julian Assange in the country .
Alastair Cook and Tom Westley hit centuries as Essex dominated day one against Hampshire at Chelmsford .
The trial of Uighur academic Ilham Tohti has begun in China 's restive western region of Xinjiang , where he is accused of separatism .
Sir Chris Hoy will carry the flag for Team GB at Friday 's opening ceremony of the London Olympics .
A new storm called Abigail has been named by the Met Office .
A rare tropical storm has formed in the Atlantic Ocean .
Portsmouth defender Luke Whatmough has signed a new two-year deal with the club .
If you 're a small business owner , you 've probably heard of a data security breach .
Two 15-year-old boys have been arrested on suspicion of murdering a teenager who was stabbed to death in east London on Saturday .
Britain 's Kell Brook is to have surgery on the eye injury he suffered in his IBF world welterweight title defeat by Gennady Golovkin .
A man who spent 40 years in prison for the murder of a woman in Derbyshire may have been wrongly convicted , an ex-detective has claimed .
Scientists have developed a test that can tell if a person is ageing well .
A village in northern India has held a selfie contest to highlight the plight of women .
An MSP has called on the Scottish government to help safeguard the future of one of Glasgow 's most iconic cultural venues .
Former Aberdeen captain and manager Willie Miller believes his old club must prove their Hampden credentials when they face Hibernian in Saturday 's Scottish Cup semi-final .
The Scottish government is to press ahead with plans to force health boards to set minimum staffing levels .
Former England head coach Stuart Lancaster is interested in taking over at European champions Toulon .
Great Britain 's Lionhearts lost 5-0 to Cuba in the World Series of Boxing final .
A 73-year-old man from the Scottish Borders is to become the first person in the UK to receive a tax-free lump sum from his pension .
A strike by workers on the Southern rail network has entered a second day .
Three Syrian men who helped capture a suspected so-called Islamic State -LRB- IS -RRB- militant are being hailed as heroes in Germany .
The parents of a motorcyclist killed by a drink driver have called for the offence to be upgraded to manslaughter .
A square of prehistoric standing stones has been discovered inside a Stonehenge monument .
An oil tank that was accidentally set on fire in the garden of a house in west Belfast has been blamed for starting a large fire in a row of terraced homes .
Thousands of ceramic poppies from the Blood Swept Lands and Seas of Red installation are to go on public display for the first time .
A US judge has ordered the arrest of a former Haitian police chief , Guy Philippe , on drug trafficking charges .
HSBC is considering moving up to 1,000 jobs out of London in the wake of the UK 's vote to leave the EU , the BBC understands .
Satellites are to be used to deliver broadband to remote parts of the UK .
Plans to build up to 20,000 new homes in York have been revealed .
Chilla, a 16-year-old student at Kharisma Bangsa school in East Jakarta , says she is worried about her future .
Connor Toney says he is adapting well to life in the Premier League on loan from Northampton Town .
The BBC 's election team is bringing you #iNeverKnew , a new way of covering the general election .
The opening of a new school campus in the Highlands is likely to be delayed , Highland Council has said .
The price of petrol and diesel at the UK 's filling stations rose sharply in August .
Great Britain 's Johanna Konta and Romania 's Ilie Nastase were both ejected from their Fed Cup tie on Saturday .
Volunteers are being sought to help run an Iron Age village in Pembrokeshire .
A cross-dresser who felt she was  in the wrong body '' for years has had gender reassignment surgery .
China 's biggest search engine , Baidu , is to release its self-driving technology for free to carmakers .
A statue of AP McCoy , Britain 's most successful jockey , has been unveiled at the Cheltenham Festival .
Shakespeare 's Globe on London 's Bankside is a kind of living laboratory , with its own team of in-house scholars , researchers and academic advisers .
MPs have rejected a bid to make it illegal for doctors in the UK to perform gender-selective abortions .
For the first time in India 's recent history , not only was there a decline in the female labour participation rate , but also a shrinking of the total number of women in the workforce .
A consultation on a plan to reintroduce wild lynx to parts of the UK has been launched .
JK Rowling has thanked Twitter users for their support after she was subjected to abuse on the social network .
Mount Etna , one of the world 's most active volcanoes , has erupted again .
The government has been defeated over plans to relax Sunday trading restrictions in England and Wales .
A 19-year-old man has been shot dead during anti-government protests in western Venezuela , officials say .
If you had to pick a place to fight , it would be a fairground .
Royal Mail has warned that increased competition is threatening its ability to deliver letters to all parts of the UK .
A woman who conned a charity set up by a terminally ill teenager has been given a suspended jail sentence .
Three Russian opposition activists have gone on hunger strike to protest against the rejection of their bid to stand in a regional election .
The authorities in Mexico say they have found no trace of the 43 students who went missing in September .
Ex-England footballer Andy Woodward says he is still waiting to be interviewed by police investigating historical child sex abuse in football .
A warning to residents in a Cambridgeshire town to boil their water has been lifted .
There are few things more frustrating than a bad hotel room .
Police in the US state of Texas have launched an investigation into human trafficking .
A man is in an induced coma after being found with serious injuries on a road .
A 4,000-year-old burial site near Stonehenge has been found , archaeologists have said .
Marine Marchal-Le Pen , the daughter of France 's far-right leader , has decided not to stand for re-election , according to reports .
At least 19 people have been killed in a huge oil pipeline explosion in central Mexico .
Emma Watson has been talking about the importance of women 's rights .
Great Britain 's double Olympic champion Nicola Adams will fight Mexican teenager Ana Salazar in Manchester on Saturday .
Plans for a new post-16 education centre in Torfaen have been approved by councillors .
Defender Andrew Davies has signed a new two-year contract with Ross County .
The organisers of a memorial to those who served in Bomber Command during World War II are trying to trace more veterans .
A former soldier who fired the rubber bullet that killed a boy could be forced to give evidence at an inquest despite concerns about his health , a court has heard .
Police searching for a missing woman in Conwy county have made a fresh appeal for information .
A bus company has gone into administration with the loss of dozens of jobs .
The government should press ahead with a national minimum pricing for alcohol , a House of Lords committee has said .
The use of unqualified teachers is  jeopardising the educational progress of children '' , says a teachers ' union .
Teenagers are better at learning from their experiences than adults , a study suggests .
A third person has been arrested on suspicion of terrorism offences after travelling to Syria .
Plans to expand the UK 's largest onshore wind farm have been approved by councillors in Greater Manchester .
The first temporary buildings have arrived at a school in West Sussex which was destroyed by fire .
Carlos Tevez 's proposed transfer from Manchester City to Corinthians has collapsed .
A Scottish Conservative MSP has been accused of showing  complete contempt '' for his  three jobs '' after he missed a key Holyrood meeting while refereeing a Champions League match .
Low-fat diets are more effective at burning fat than a low-carb one , say US scientists .
Watching an aquarium with more fish can make people happier , a study has suggested .
Parents in the US will soon be able to control their child 's car via an app .
A Florida man has been found guilty of murdering his wife and posting a picture of her body on Facebook .
Rock star David Bowie has died of cancer at the age of 69 .
Heather Rabbatts has resigned from the Football Association 's board because of a lack of black and minority ethnic -LRB- BAME -RRB- coaches in English football .
In our series of letters from African journalists , Joseph Warungu considers the current political crisis in Kenya .
A local newspaper has accused the Conservatives of  archaic '' rules on media coverage of Prime Minister Theresa May 's visit to Cornwall .
A new health boss has been appointed for south Wales .
England 's football team have won the Under-20 World Cup .
The English Football Association has been charged by Uefa over crowd disturbances before England 's Euro 2016 qualifier against Lithuania in Vilnius .
Workers at ITV have voted to strike in a dispute over pay .
The government has agreed to write into law the words  safely '' and  reliably '' that will be used in its new disability benefits scheme .
Leicester Tigers have signed winger Ellis Genge from Bristol on a two-year deal .
The makers of one of the world 's most popular video games have been criticised for staging a fake terrorist attack in Singapore .
The body of a man has been recovered from the River Nith in Dumfries .
Joao Moutinho 's injury-time equaliser earned Portugal a draw against the USA and kept their World Cup hopes alive .
The first Friday night Premier League game of the season will be shown live on Sky Sports .
The Department of Roads -LRB- DRD -RRB- has been found to have unlawfully denied a contract for a major road scheme .
The issue of teacher shortages in the north east of Scotland has been a hot topic for some time .
Up to 76 jobs could go at Shrewsbury and Telford College , it has been announced .
France 's cultural institutions have reopened following the deadly attacks in Paris on Friday .
US President Donald Trump 's proposed cuts to foreign aid would be a  disaster '' , a top Republican senator has warned .
A group of eight British people have been arrested in Turkey on their way to Syria , the BBC understands .
Battersea Power Station has been put up for sale for the first time .
Leeds United have signed Borussia Monchengladbach midfielder Matej Klich on a two-year deal .
The leader of Plaid Cymru has refused to rule out cutting the top rate of tax in Wales .
Cornish Reds head coach Steve Churcher has praised his side 's front row after their win over Chinnor .
A food wholesaler has been fined # 20,000 after a worker was crushed by a forklift truck .
The new Ghostbusters film has received a mixed response from critics , with some giving it four out of five stars .
flamingos are known to stand one-legged .
The government was  unprepared '' for the rapid expansion of academies in England , a report says .
The shadow foreign secretary has insisted Labour MPs will still back the Brexit bill even if it is rejected in the final vote .
Widnes head coach Denis Betts says he is confident his side can return to winning ways in Super League .
Jonnie Peacock , Kadeena Cox , Hannah Cockroft and Richard Whitehead have been named in the Great Britain team for the World Para-athletics Championships .
An engineering company in Kilrea, County Antrim , is to create 50 new jobs .
Glasgow Warriors prop Zander Rae has signed a new two-year contract with the Pro12 club , while prop Mohit Bhatti has also agreed a new deal .
Fleetwood Town have signed Crystal Palace defender Jordan Flores on loan until the end of the season .
West Bromwich Albion manager Tony Pulis says he will have to  move with the times '' when he returns to Stoke for his 1,000th game in charge on Saturday .
A man whose remains were found in a lay-by may not have been reported missing , police have said .
The United Nations has called on the US to suspend a controversial quota on the amount of corn it uses to make biofuel .
Labour leader Jeremy Corbyn has poked fun at Theresa May 's Brexit stance by comparing her to Baldrick .
Exeter City have made a profit for the first time in their history , according to the club 's accounts .
A man who drove home after drinking in a pub has been spared jail .
A river has been searched by police investigating the murder of a businessman shot dead at his home in Dorset .
A man charged with the attempted murder of two boys in Hampshire has died in prison .
Cheltenham Town have signed midfielder Yann Atangana on a two-year deal .
The Conservatives say that if they win the election , they would introduce a cap on energy prices .
UK interest rates have been held at 0.5% again by the Bank of England .
Bank staff are to be trained to spot when customers are being targeted by fraudsters .
German Chancellor Angela Merkel has welcomed the UK 's offer to EU citizens living in the UK .
Two Grade II-listed swimming pools and a stately home are among the world 's most endangered , according to the World Monuments Fund .
Newcastle Falcons director of rugby Dean Richards is confident his side can turn around their poor start to the Premiership season .
Police have released images of two women they want to trace in connection with a serious assault in a takeaway .
Calls have been made for a report into the death of a man stabbed to death in Newport to be published .
-LRB- Close -RRB- : The FTSE 100 fell sharply , with mining shares leading the way .
A man and two children have been taken to hospital after the car they were in crashed through an island barrier .
A 21-year-old man has appeared in court charged in connection with the murder of Karl Haugh in Kilkee , County Clare .
A Venezuelan baseball coach has called for the sport to be suspended because of the country 's economic crisis .
Prime Minister Theresa May 's decision to call a snap general election has been criticised by the opposition .
The funeral of a boxer who died after being knocked out in a bout has been held .
A teacher who died from carbon monoxide poisoning in China was killed by a faulty water heater , an inquest has heard .
A football club has appealed for help to trace a bride-to-be who posed for a photo with their team after a motorway bridge collapsed .
Welshman Elfyn Evans finished second behind world champion Sebastien Ogier in the opening round of the World Rally Championship - Rally Finland - on Sunday .
The new owners of a Cardiff caravan park have said they want to improve the site .
Emergency services in Shetland have been restored following a major communications failure .
Former SNP leader Alex Salmond has said a second independence referendum is likely to be held in the autumn of 2018 .
Ross County have signed Macaulay Chow on a two-year contract .
A drunk driver who killed a police community support officer has been jailed .
A senior police officer has called for CCTV cameras to be installed at the Glasgow Necropolis .
The airline Monarch has said it expects to make more than 40m in underlying earnings by the end of its financial year in October .
-LRB- Close -RRB- : Shares in Marks and Spencer fell despite a rise in bank shares .
A High Court judge has banned the government from accessing Newcastle United 's financial records .
Crusaders will attempt to extend their lead at the top of the Irish Premiership to 10 points if they win at Glenavon .
Michael Dunlop set the fastest lap of the week in Thursday 's second practice session at the Isle of Man TT .
Striker Jamie Mackie has signed a new one-year deal with Queens Park Rangers .
Former Wales captain Jonathan Davies has warned against shortening the Six Nations .
Serial , the award-winning podcast , is to be turned into a TV series .
A 26-year-old man has been charged in connection with a serious assault in Paisley .
University staff across England and Wales are staging a 24-hour strike in a dispute over pay .
One of the world 's biggest golf tournaments is to be moved to Mexico City because of Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump 's proposed border wall .
British skeleton slider David Swift has announced his retirement from the sport .
England international Rachel Nobbs has signed a new contract with Women 's Super League club Arsenal Ladies .
Veteran broadcaster Robbie MacAulay is to retire from BBC Radio Scotland .
Leigh Griffiths says he and his Celtic team-mates are already thinking about next season .
At least three people have died and several are missing after severe flooding hit the US state of Louisiana , officials say .
Kaka has been added to Brazil 's squad for the Copa America in the United States .
Singer Ellie Goulding has topped the UK album chart with her latest album .
A vigil has been held for a man shot dead by police in Bradford .
The first female chief pilot in Australia has been named as Tammie Sutton .
Turkish police have fired tear gas and water cannon at anti-government protesters in Istanbul and the western city of Izmir .
A former chief executive of an NHS trust has admitted fraud .
A man has been arrested in connection with the sexual assault of two women in Edinburgh .
In the wake of the terror attack at Westminster , the papers have been taking a look back at the past week in Northern Ireland .
A council boss who won a libel case against a blogger has said he will keep the money he won .
As the search continues for survivors of Saturday 's earthquake in Nepal , medical teams are arriving in the capital , Kathmandu .
One of the UK 's biggest payday lenders has agreed to pay # 1m in compensation to 140,000 customers .
Emma Pooley is to return to the Great Britain cycling team for the 2016 Rio Olympics .
Singer-songwriter Sam Smith has won the Mercury Prize for his debut album , In The Lonely Hour .
Scotland and Hull City defender Andrew Robertson has been ruled out for up to a month with a calf injury .
Australia 's Woodside Petroleum has reported a sharp rise in half-year profits , helped by higher oil and gas prices .
Thailand 's Senate has rejected a controversial bill that would have granted amnesty to former Prime Minister Thaksin Shinawatra .
A plan to save Newport 's historic Newport Ship has been agreed .
Olympic silver medallist Jack Burnell won the men 's 100m freestyle at the Dubai Grand Prix .
Mo Farah missed out on a second gold medal at the World Championships as he finished second in the 5,000m .
Britain 's Kyle Edmund and Johanna Konta will begin their US Open campaigns on Monday .
China 's industrial output rose at a slower-than-expected pace in April , according to official figures .
-LRB- Close -RRB- : UK shares have risen after the US Federal Reserve decided to keep interest rates unchanged .
A free school breakfast scheme in Blackpool has been recommended to be extended .
The leader of India 's Maoist insurgency has told the BBC that the rebels will not allow anyone to attack trains .
A 19-year-old man has appeared in court charged with breaching the terms of a terror prevention order .
Labour leadership candidate Jeremy Corbyn has been campaigning in Scotland .
Scottish Power is to launch a new way for customers to buy gas and electricity .
The Co-operative Insurance has been told to provide separate quotes for no claims bonus protection .
Ireland coach Phil Simmons has been offered the job of head coach of the West Indies .
The Afghan president has spoken to the father of a woman who says she was gang raped by a group of men .
Sammy Wilson has decided not to stand for the leadership of the Democratic Unionist Party .
Peter Simpson has been elected as the new leader of Carmarthenshire council .
Nigel Farage has said the UK 's EU referendum could be the  moment '' for the UK to leave the union .
Highland Council has refused planning permission for up to 40 homes in the village of Carrbridge in Lochaber .
Tranmere Rovers have signed Chesterfield midfielder Armand Gnanduillet on loan until the end of the season .
The Women 's World Twenty20 will be held in England in 2016 , the England and Wales Cricket Board has announced .
Pop star Britney Spears has opened her two-year residency at the Planet Hollywood Resort and Casino in Las Vegas .
It 's the rail regulator 's latest warning about the state of the UK 's railways .
Two Bangladeshi oil workers who were kidnapped in Libya have been freed , officials in Dhaka say .
When Louis van Gaal was asked about his team selection before Saturday 's game at Arsenal , he was always going to be asked about it .
Premiership champions Saracens have signed hooker Dave Porecki ahead of the new season .
Jo Pavey won Great Britain 's second gold medal of the World Championships in the women 's 10,000m .
The leader of Plaid Cymru has accused Theresa May of being  too soft on extremists '' .
Samsung 's decision to halt production of the Galaxy Note 7 is a huge blow for the company .
British racing driver Billy Hill has been back behind the wheel for the first time since he was seriously injured in a crash .
Boyhood has been named film of the year by the New York Film Critics Circle .
The roar of the steelworks still fills the air in Ravenscraig .
A sheep sculpture in Wrexham has been stolen , police have said .
More people in Wales could save up to # 1m a year by walking or cycling to work , a charity has claimed .
League Two side Cambridge United produced the shock of the FA Cup fourth round as they held Manchester United to a goalless draw .
A bird has been photographed "photobombing" a train in north Wales .
Erhun Oztumer scored twice as Walsall beat Swindon at the County Ground .
The UK 's construction sector may have avoided recession , according to the Office for National Statistics .
A new species of wasp has been discovered in the Mekong delta .
A medieval college in Ceredigion is set to be restored after it was awarded # 10m .
A woman has been arrested after a mobile phone was stolen during a U2 concert .
A specialist unit to tackle online hate crimes has been launched by the mayor of London .
A teaching assistant has been charged over a bomb threat made to a school by a pupil .
Miranda Hart has made her West End debut as Miss Hannigan in Annie .
A number of petrol bombs have been thrown at police officers in County Armagh .
Five men have been charged with drugs offences following a police raid in Oxford .
A parish council has objected to George Clooney 's plans to install CCTV cameras at his Oxfordshire home .
Lord Sugar has called for a spin-off series of The Apprentice to showcase the success of previous winners .
Former Tour de France stage winner David Millar has joined British Cycling as an anti-doping adviser .
The owners of a private mental health hospital where staff were filmed abusing patients have been criticised in a report .
A woman has found the fifth and final piece of gold treasure hidden in Scunthorpe .
Police officers dragged a suspected stolen car driver from a reservoir after a high-speed chase .
Northern Ireland 's Graeme McDowell carded a one-over-par 73 in the second round of the Qatar Masters .
A French court has placed comedian Dieudonne M'bala M 'bala under formal investigation for inciting racial hatred .
Portadown 's win over Ards last month has been wiped out after the club were found guilty of fielding an ineligible player , Darren Garrett .
Britain 's Andy Murray beat home favourite Nick Kyrgios in straight sets to reach the Australian Open semi-finals .
The BBC has announced plans to expand its World Service to 11 new languages and 12 new or expanded daily TV and digital bulletins .
Scientists say they have developed a heart patch that can repair damage caused by a heart attack .
A boy has been arrested on suspicion of sexually assaulting two nine-year-old girls in a park .
A memorial to police officers killed on duty is to be built in Staffordshire .
A man has appeared in court charged with setting fire to a boat off the Aberdeenshire coast .
Husband and wife badminton pair Chris and Gabby Adcock are targeting a medal at the World Championships in Glasgow .
Tom Rogic 's late goal gave Celtic victory over Aberdeen in the Scottish Cup final at Hampden Park .
Juventus sealed the Serie A title and a place in the Champions League final with a comfortable win over Crotone .
Albania qualified for the Euro 2016 finals with a comfortable victory over Armenia in Yerevan .
Thousands of people have gathered in Leicester to mark the festival of Diwali .
Amazon has launched its Prime Video streaming service in the UK .
A flag believed to have flown during the Battle of Trafalgar is to be sold at auction .
Scientists believe they may have found a way to protect students from food poisoning .
Irish police are investigating after human remains were found in County Dublin .
Hundreds of volunteers have searched a forest in Wiltshire for a woman who went missing after leaving a Swindon nightclub .
Jonathan Rea clinched his first World Superbike title after finishing third in the final race of the season in Qatar .
There are few things more exciting for a politician than introducing a new law .
Relatives of British soldiers killed in World War One are being prevented from visiting a cemetery in France .
South Africa completed a crushing innings-and-209-run victory over England on the fourth day of the final Test .
The mother of a Chicago girl who was allegedly sexually assaulted and broadcast live on Facebook says she fears for her daughter 's safety .
Former US President Barack Obama is to give a speech in Scotland later this year .
Midfielder Andrea Pascali was sent off as 10-man Kilmarnock were beaten by Celtic at Parkhead .
There was a palpable sense of euphoria in the Olympic Park after the closing ceremony on Sunday night .
The son of Jean McConville has said Sinn Fin 's Gerry Adams told him to release the names of republicans who killed his mother .
Wing George North says he is determined to score more tries for Wales before the World Cup .
A doctor who operated on a woman who died after giving birth has told an inquest it took five minutes for a vital drug to arrive .
A man accused of trying to buy ricin online was inspired by the TV series Breaking Bad , a court has heard .
Warwickshire captain Varun Chopra hit a century to help his side draw with Hampshire at Edgbaston .
Ireland suffered a second successive defeat in the three-match one-day series against South Africa with a 95-run loss in Dublin .
Would you cut your hair off during a tennis match ?
Friends and relatives of Adam Lanza , the 20-year-old gunman who killed 20 children and six adults at a school in Newtown , Connecticut , have described him as  very shy '' .
A man has been taken to hospital after falling through a garden fence in Coventry .
Plans to limit the number of patients given expensive drugs on the NHS in England have been approved .
A man has been arrested after allegedly driving a bulldozer into a house in the Australian state of New South Wales .
Formula 1 bosses have agreed to scrap the controversial double points rule for the 2015 season .
Double Olympic champion Laura Kenny has given birth to her first child .
Plans for a new bridge across the River Thames in Reading have moved a step closer .
Members of the Hoover washing machine pension scheme could see their benefits cut if the scheme is taken over by the Pension Protection Fund -LRB- PPF -RRB- .
A giant  rotting flesh '' flower has bloomed in Edinburgh .
The sisters of South African athlete Oscar Pistorius have spoken of their "heartache" ahead of his sentencing .
A cross-party delegation from Northern Ireland is to travel to Colombia later to discuss the peace process with the country 's Farc rebels .
A college spent thousands of pounds on season tickets for Manchester United , the BBC has learned .
Police are searching for a woman who has gone missing with her two-year-old daughter .
Motorists have complained of long delays at the new junction at Elephant and Castle in south-east London .
For decades , Solihull has been synonymous with the Land Rover brand .
Chris Gunter says Gareth Bale 's absence from Wales ' Euro 2016 squad is a  missed opportunity '' .
Senga won the Nunthorpe Stakes at York as Shutter Speed finished fourth .
The UK government has granted seabed rights for three marine demonstration zones off the coast of Wales .
A group of former Ilex workers are taking legal action against the Northern Ireland Executive .
A series of condolence books for Sir Terry Wogan have been opened in his home city of Limerick in the Republic of Ireland .
The UK Border Agency questioned staff at a curry house owned by the leader of the UK Independence Party -LRB- UKIP -RRB- about their immigration status .
Leicester City manager Claudio Ranieri has told his players not to leave the Premier League champions .
London Underground -LRB- LU -RRB- drivers have voted to accept a new pay deal in a dispute over a Night Tube service .
Manager Graham Westley 's criticism of the state of the Rodney Parade pitch has been dismissed by Newport County chairman Huw Davies .
Egypt 's electoral commission has overturned its decision to disqualify former Prime Minister Ahmed Shafiq from the presidential race .
A new search and rescue helicopter service has been launched in south Wales .
Pakistan and Afghanistan have agreed to set up a hotline to discuss border issues , officials say .
Two men have been seriously injured in a crash between a car and a bus in the Highlands .
A former ambulance driver has been jailed for sexually assaulting a teenage girl .
A Labour MP has resigned as a backbench aide after being accused of posting a  anti-Semitic '' graphic on Facebook .
Derbyshire director of cricket Gary Wilson says the club will return to the T20 Blast next season .
Liisa Ronkainen is one of 2,000 unemployed people in Finland who will receive a basic income for two years as part of a government experiment .
Fifty Scots will compete for Great Britain at the 2016 Olympic Games in Rio .
Tens of thousands of people gathered outside the al-Fath mosque in central Cairo for Friday prayers .
The Duke of Kent has been discharged from hospital after being treated for a hip injury .
Steven Gerrard has a  bright future '' as a manager , says Liverpool boss Jurgen Klopp .
The images are all the more striking when you consider that Mr Jenkinson , 42 , from Y Ffor , near Pwllheli in Gwynedd , is blind .
A teenager has died following an incident at an industrial unit in Derbyshire .
Labour 's Sadiq Khan has been elected mayor of London .
A new species of fish-scale gecko has been discovered in Madagascar .
Actor Johnny Depp 's wife Amber Heard has filed for divorce from the Pirates of the Caribbean star .
Wales should be given more power to help the north of England , the chief executive of Greater Manchester has said .
Asian markets fell after a closely-watched survey indicated that China 's manufacturing sector had contracted for the fourth month in a row .
Everton have revealed plans to build a new stadium on the site of the former Liverpool International Stadium .
Partick Thistle manager Alan Archibald has defended the number of foreign coaches working in Scotland .
A man has gone missing with his two children .
A teenager has appeared in court charged with preparing terrorist acts .
A double-decker bus has left the road in the Scottish Borders .
The Archbishop of Canterbury Justin Welby has said he would support assisted dying for the terminally ill .
Arsenal Ladies reached the Continental Cup final with a comfortable win over Birmingham City .
At least 16 people have been injured in a collision between two passenger trains in Oakland , California , officials say .
The United Nations has warned that US President Donald Trump 's proposed cuts to the organisation 's peacekeeping budget would be  impossible '' .
Actor and comedian Christopher Biggins has been evicted from the Celebrity Big Brother house after making  comments capable of causing great offence '' .
Actor Tony Valentine , best known for his roles in Colditz and Raffles , has died at the age of 85 .
Leonardo Bonatini scored the only goal as Wolves beat Middlesbrough on the opening day of the Championship season .
A knife attack that killed two people in Malaysia was carried out by members of the so-called Islamic State group , police say .
A cycling campaign group has said it is  appalled '' at the death of a cyclist at a busy junction in east London .
The US Supreme Court has ruled in favour of President Barack Obama 's signature healthcare law .
Anti-war campaigners have set up a camp in Newport to protest against the Nato summit .
Ronnie O 'Sullivan said his record-equalling ninth Masters title had helped him quit smoking .
A new study has shown the impact of a cervical cancer vaccine on cases of the disease .
Mae credu fod y drefn o gategoreiddio yn helpu i ddod i'r ysgolion sydd angen mwyaf o help , ac i gynnig cymorth a chyngor iddyn nhw .
This has been my first season as a player-manager , but I have always wanted to be a coach .
Thousands of people have attended a concert in the Afghan capital , Kabul , by the country 's most famous female singer , Sayeed , despite death threats against her .
Atletico Madrid forward Antoine Griezmann will miss Saturday 's derby against Real Madrid because of a foot injury .
Former world number one Tiger Woods says he is receiving treatment for a sleep disorder and back pain .
A fox cub has been rescued from a veterinary surgery in Aberdeen .
A council boss has been suspended amid allegations of gross misconduct .
Newport Gwent Dragons came from behind to beat Cardiff Blues and reach the semi-finals of the Challenge Cup .
A man who uses a horse to get to and from work has begun a sit-in protest at a McDonald 's drive-thru in Surrey .
A court in Israel has ordered that an Australian woman accused of child sex abuse be treated for paranoid schizophrenia .
Former Environment Secretary Lord Rooker has urged the government to  rewild '' the uplands to reduce the risk of flooding .
The search for a missing man in the Highlands has ended .
A UK ticket-holder has won the Euromillions jackpot worth an estimated # 48.5m .
An Indian official 's warning that men who stare at women for more than 14 seconds could face arrest has sparked a social media storm .
Israel 's defence minister has accused Turkey of allowing Islamic State -LRB- IS -RRB- to smuggle oil into Turkey .
Asian markets have fallen after weak US economic growth data raised fears about the health of the world 's largest economy .
India 's decision to scrap 500 and 1,000 rupee notes has been described as a  one-time flushing out of the system '' and the return of black money is likely if not inevitable .
The US has urged Pakistan to take action against militants after an attack on an Indian air force base .
Eilish McColgan 's British indoor 5K record has been broken by compatriot Laura Muir .
A man has been arrested in connection with the death of a man who was stabbed in the chest in Waterford .
The government is considering taking over schools in Birmingham which have been accused of being radicalised , the BBC understands .
Five people have pleaded guilty to conspiring to pervert the course of justice in a council by-election .
Searches have been carried out for a 24-year-old man who has been missing for a week .
The convener of the Crofting Commission has said he has  no intention '' of resigning , despite calls for him to do so .
The leader of Spain 's Socialists has lost a parliamentary confidence vote in a bid to form a government .
Scientists at the University of Glasgow say they have found a way to predict a bird 's life expectancy .
Two women have died following a two-car crash in the Scottish Borders .
Nintendo has said it is investigating reports that some of its new Switch games consoles have dead pixels on the screen .
In our series of letters from African journalists , film-maker and columnist Farai Sevenzo reports from Zanzibar .
Three Welsh police forces have been told they must do more to tackle domestic abuse and child sexual exploitation .
Mining giant Anglo American has announced plans to cut jobs and sell assets as part of a major restructuring .
A man has appeared in court charged with murdering his wife .
Nato and Russia have held their first meeting in more than two years , but failed to reach agreement on the conflict in eastern Ukraine .
Tom DeLonge has denied quitting Blink 182 .
Ireland 's Seonaid McIntosh has won his second gold medal at the European Shooting Championships in Sofia .
Ireland lost the second one-day international of their tour of India by 39 runs to Afghanistan .
Taoiseach -LRB- Irish Prime Minister -RRB- Enda Kenny is due to meet Prime Minister David Cameron in London later .
More than 70 council workers are to return to work in a new location after their offices were destroyed in a suspected arson attack .
Gary Lineker says he  shed a tear '' at the decision to sack Claudio Ranieri as Leicester manager a year after the Foxes won the Premier League .
The former chief executive of AIG , Hank Greenberg , is to stand trial on fraud charges .
The way cancer cells spread has been explained by scientists at the University of York .
The Russian Orthodox Church says it has found no traces of myrrh on a bust of Nicholas II , the last tsar , after a prosecutor claimed it was a sign of his dying wish .
David Cameron has said grammar schools should be allowed to expand .
Falkirk Council has become the first local authority in Scotland to make a # 30m investment in social housing .
A coroner has criticised a hospital for failing to carry out vital blood gas tests on a premature baby .
Twenty years ago Dolly the sheep became the world 's first cloned human .
Former Strictly Come Dancing host Sir Bruce Forsyth is to return to the show for its Children In Need special .
The Welsh Labour Party is to launch its general election manifesto , promising a  guaranteed funding floor '' for the Welsh government .
The former president of Olympus , Satoshi Kikukawa , has pleaded guilty to falsifying financial results .
The closure of the Forensic Science Service -LRB- FSS -RRB- will not damage the prospects for forensic science in the UK , an inquiry has heard .
A terminally-ill former soldier has been awarded France 's highest military honour .
It 's one of the most viral videos of the year .
Growth in the UK 's service sector slowed in February , according to a closely-watched survey .
Australia captain Michael Clarke says he has  the greatest admiration '' for Alastair Cook following England 's series win in India .
Tickets for BBC Sports Personality of the Year 2015 in Belfast have sold out .
Leon Goretzka scored twice as Germany beat Mexico to reach the Confederations Cup final .
British Cycling technical director Shane Sutton says he is  totally confident '' Welsh cyclist Becky James will be fit for the Rio Olympics .
Austria striker Martin Harnik has been ruled out of Friday 's World Cup qualifier against Ukraine because of a hamstring injury .
A new hospital trust in Staffordshire has been rated  inadequate '' by health inspectors .
The British teenager behind the news-summarisation app Summly has revealed plans to launch his own wearable device .
The Ulster Farmers ' Union -LRB- UFU -RRB- has welcomed Asda 's decision to increase the price it pays for milk .
David Cameron has pledged to double the amount of free childcare available to working parents in England .
A man who was found asleep in his car while more than twice the drink-drive limit has been given an unpaid work order .
Newlyweds Andy Murray and Kim Sears are expecting their first child , the BBC understands .
Newport Gwent Dragons head coach Kingsley Jones believes Oliver Griffiths has a chance of being selected for Wales ' summer tour .
A study has concluded that introducing an affordable housing contribution scheme in Northern Ireland would not work .
The UK job market slowed in May , with companies taking time to assess the impact of the general election , a report has suggested .
National League side Boreham Wood have signed Birmingham City midfielder Jack Cooper on loan until the end of the season .
A group of football fans have failed in a bid to force the government to hold a public inquiry into the deal for West Ham to move into the Olympic Stadium .
Floyd Mayweather and Conor McGregor traded insults at a news conference to promote their fight in Las Vegas later this month .
Huddersfield Town manager David Wagner has signed a new three-year deal with the Premier League club .
Samantha Cristoforetti is the first British astronaut to board the International Space Station -LRB- ISS -RRB- .
Harry Shearer , the voice of Ned Flanders and other Simpsons characters , is to leave the show .
As a child , Nathalie Godin 's life was turned upside down .
A rugby player died after collapsing following a clash of heads with an opponent , an inquest has heard .
Former Arkansas Governor Mike Huckabee has launched a second bid for the US presidency .
Workers at Sports Direct have staged a protest against zero-hour contracts .
A 19-year-old woman has died following a two-vehicle crash in Belfast city centre .
Teenage midfielder Millie Walsh scored the only goal as Manchester City beat Brondby in the first leg of their Continental Cup quarter-final .
Scotland head coach Vern Cotter praised his side 's character after they came from behind to beat Japan 19-16 in Tokyo .
Boris Johnson has told the BBC 's Andrew Neil that he will not be a candidate in the next Conservative leadership contest .
The number of suspected child sexual offences recorded by police in England and Wales has risen by 38% , the NSPCC has said .
A gang of drug dealers has been jailed for up to 20 years for running a multi-million pound operation in south Wales .
An opposition leader in Congo-Brazzaville has called for a boycott of a referendum that could allow the president to seek a third term .
The case of the former finance minister has been referred to the Public Prosecution Service .
Manchester United have agreed a deal to sign Netherlands forward Memphis Depay from PSV Eindhoven .
Bristol City have signed midfielder Josh Brownhill from Preston North End on a three-year deal .
The number of Individual Savings Accounts -LRB- Isas -RRB- opened in the UK has fallen to its lowest level for a decade .
Danny Swanson has joined Hibernian from St Johnstone on a two-year deal .
For the first time , Scottish football clubs are free of long-term bank debts .
Danny Hylton rescued a point for Luton with a second-half header against Exeter .
Iraqi government forces and Shia militias say they have broken the siege of the town of Amerli , near the Syrian border .
A number of attacks have taken place in the Belgian capital , Brussels .
The number of dogs seized under the Dangerous Dogs Act has fallen despite a rise in attacks , according to figures obtained by the BBC .
Political leaders from Northern Ireland are due to meet the prime minister in London later .
England will struggle to score runs against India 's spinners , says former all-rounder Graeme Swann .
-LRB- Close -RRB- .
England manager Gareth Southgate wants to speak to Wilfried Zaha before deciding whether to allow the winger to play for Ivory Coast .
A human foot has been found in Bristol , police have said .
A council has said it would be  absolute madness '' to move a boulder believed to have been used to cut off a devil 's foot .
All photographs  Gareth Iwan Jones/Institute .
Cornish Pirates head coach Ian Davies said his side 's ill-discipline cost them in their 21-9 defeat by Bristol in the Championship play-off semi-final .
Repairs to the Forth Road Bridge should be completed by the end of the year , Scotland 's transport minister has said .
Firefighters in England and Wales have begun a 24-hour strike over changes to their pensions .
The 20th anniversary of the first women priests being ordained in Wales is to be marked with a series of services across the country .
A fund-raising campaign to save the world 's largest radio telescope has reached its target .
Saudi Arabia is the world 's largest Arab country .
At least 16 people have been killed in a car bomb blast in the Somali capital , Mogadishu , medics say .
Councillors are to be given an update on the development of a  world-class '' weather centre in Dumfries .
Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi 's remarks on terrorism in Bangladesh have caused a social media storm .
The brother of a British holidaymaker whose body was found in Thailand has said his family is  devastated '' by his death .
Portadown will have to beat Ballinamallard United to have any chance of avoiding relegation from the Irish Premiership .
People living in parts of north Wales at risk of flooding are being warned to prepare .
One of the busiest streets in Leeds could be closed to traffic as part of plans to make the city more pedestrian-friendly .
They are the victims of a zombie apocalypse , trapped on a high-speed train .
The bells of St Paul 's Cathedral in London have been rung for the first time in nearly 300 years .
Scotland 's Alan Forsyth is relishing the chance to play against the world 's best hockey teams in London this week .
A senior Islamic State militant has been killed in a US air strike in Syria , a US military spokesman has said .
The winner of a $ 1m -LRB- # 750,000 -RRB- prize for the world 's best teacher has been named as Patricia Atwell , a reading and writing teacher in the US state of Maine .
SpaceX chief executive Elon Musk has said the cause of a rocket explosion at Cape Canaveral , Florida , is still under investigation .
A 23-year-old woman has been arrested by police investigating the murder of a man at a care home in County Antrim .
Sister Nirmala has died in the Indian city of Kolkata -LRB- Kolkata -RRB- at the age of 97 .
A new road sign for a Co-op supermarket has been painted over after it read  left '' .
Labour is promising to increase the amount of money paid to unpaid carers in a bid to tackle the  social care crisis '' .
David Haye and Tony Bellew clashed at the final news conference before Saturday 's heavyweight fight .
Thieves have stolen a defibrillator from outside a village hall .
Mexico 's Sergio Perez will remain with Force India for the 2017 Formula 1 season .
A university has apologised for a poster that suggested Hollywood star Jennifer Lawrence was the victim of a hacking attack .
Iranian President Hassan Rouhani has arrived in Paris on the second day of his historic visit to Italy and France .
The International Criminal Court -LRB- ICC -RRB- has found former Congolese Vice-President Jean-Pierre Bemba guilty of war crimes and crimes against humanity .
The father of a seven-year-old Japanese boy who went missing for seven days has apologised to his son and said he forgives him .
Singer and actress Barbra Streisand has said she will be  thrilled '' if Siri pronounces her name as  sand on the beach '' .
A ban on smoking in public places in Scotland has prevented more than half a tonne of toxic particles being inhaled , according to a new study .
The family and friends of a German woman killed fighting so-called Islamic State -LRB- IS -RRB- in Syria have attended her funeral .
A man has been arrested on suspicion of murdering a man who disappeared 25 years ago , police have said .
Scientists at the University of Glasgow have developed a blood cancer test that can predict which patients will benefit from treatment .
David Tennant has said his new West End play has been inspired by the current political climate .
The average UK household would lose 850 a year if the UK leaves the EU , a think tank has said .
General Motors is to invest $ 500m -LRB- # 350m -RRB- in its car-making plant in Kapuskasing , Ontario .
US rapper Kanye West has said he wants to work with Swedish furniture giant Ikea .
A motorcyclist who died following a crash on the Isle of Man has been named as Peter Baker .
Jake Mullaney hit his first Championship century of the season as Nottinghamshire dominated day one against Surrey at Trent Bridge .
A child is in a critical condition after being hit by a car in Vale of Glamorgan .
A Pilates class has been held on the Isle of Man to mark the work of a man who was interned in a Nazi concentration camp during World War II .
A Chinese telecommunications company has pleaded guilty to violating US export laws .
Pope Francis has condemned the persecution of Christians , during a Good Friday service at the Colosseum in Rome .
A man is being sought by police after a football match was abandoned following reports a player had a knife on the pitch .
A former prison officer and a former prison worker are working together to help ex-offenders find work .
Children who read for pleasure are more likely to do well in maths , vocabulary and spelling , research suggests .
-LRB- Close -RRB- : US stocks closed higher on Friday , boosted by strong jobs figures .
Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump has backtracked on his claim that he saw video of a cash payment to Iran .
A Canadian man held hostage by Islamist militants in the Philippines has been beheaded , officials say .
A man who complained on Facebook that he had been banned from using his real name , Phuc Bich , has changed his name .
Ed Miliband has told a rally in Glasgow that he will not  sacrifice the future of our country '' in the event of a post-election deal with the SNP .
Trawsfynydd nuclear power station in Gwynedd could be turned into a demonstrator reactor , it has been suggested .
A police force 's social media poster asking parents not to put their children in jail has gone viral .
Scots athlete Natalie Inglis has woken from a coma following a crash in Vietnam .
A man has been arrested on suspicion of murder after a woman was found unconscious in a street in Leeds .
An Indian couple who falsely claimed to have climbed Mount Everest have been arrested , police say .
The deal to build a new nuclear power station at Hinkley Point in Somerset has been signed .
Footballers are used to going the extra mile for their club .
There is a  serious democratic deficit '' in local elections in England , campaigners have warned .
The death of a man at Antrim Area Hospital was the result of a  gross systemic failure '' , a coroner has said .
A woman has been charged after a fight broke out during a performance of Lord of the Dance .
Former police helicopter pilot David Pogmore has been found guilty of misconduct in a public office .
Australia is to send more troops to Afghanistan , the government has announced .
Britain 's Ellie Page won silver in the women 's trampoline final at the Rio Olympics .
The family of a man whose body parts were kept in a police laboratory for 23 years have spoken of their  horrendous '' ordeal .
A man who was beaten with iron bars by a masked gang in Londonderry has said he feared for the safety of his children during the attack .
North Ferriby 's winless start to the National League season continued with a 2-1 home defeat by Bromley .
National League side Forest Green Rovers have signed 19-year-old defender Ben Davies on a one-year deal .
Katie McGrath 's life has been turned upside down .
Organisers of the European Champions Cup are to investigate Munster 's handling of Conor Murray in Saturday 's win over Glasgow .
Motherwell 's winless run was extended to four games as Dundee cruised to victory at Fir Park .
A pair of hens have nested next to a pig at a Pembrokeshire attraction .
China 's state-run newspapers are taking a defiant stance against an international tribunal 's ruling on the South China Sea .
In the Tunisian resort town of Sousse , life is returning to normal .
A US federal judge has rejected an attempt by two Native American tribes to block the construction of an oil pipeline .
West Brom manager Tony Pulis says Burnley boss Sean Dyche has done a  fantastic '' job at Turf Moor .
Downing Street has denied that a spokesman for the culture secretary threatened a newspaper over a story about her expenses .
The roll-out of a new telephone system for NHS 24 has been delayed for a second time .
Smacking should be banned in Scotland and the UK , according to a new report .
A British woman jailed in Malaysia for stripping off on a sacred mountain has left the island .
As the 100th anniversary of the signing of the Sykes-Picot treaty marking the redrawing of the Middle East 's frontiers is marked , the legacy of the agreement is under threat .
A Bangladeshi man who was imprisoned in Pakistan for 15 years without trial has been reunited with his family .
The parents of a woman murdered by a soldier have told of the moment police knocked on their door .
A coroner has criticised two police forces for failing to stop an 87-year-old driver who killed two people .
Plans to build a new school campus for the Church in Wales in Caerphilly county have been thrown into doubt .
A man has been arrested following the death of an 80-year-old woman in a crash in County Down .
A voluntary donation scheme in Snowdonia is being hailed a success .
A woman with terminal cancer has become the first in the UK to give birth using frozen ovarian tissue .
Leicester City 's players want Craig Shakespeare to be the club 's permanent manager .
A fund set up in memory of MP Jo Cox has raised more than # 1m .
Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu has opened a new exhibition at the Auschwitz death camp .
A police officer has been discharged from hospital after he and another officer were injured in an incident at a police station in Aberdeen .
Republican presidential hopeful Donald Trump has said he would stop Mexico from sending money back to the US if he becomes president .
Traders in Perth have launched a campaign to revive the city 's city centre .
The Indonesian Democratic Party of Indonesia -LRB- PDI-P -RRB- has claimed victory in parliamentary elections .
Fifa vice-president Jeffrey Webb says he has no intention of succeeding Sepp Blatter as president of world football 's governing body .
The trial of a woman accused of being part of a neo-Nazi cell in Germany has begun in Munich .
Two men have been arrested in South Africa in connection with the murder of a popular rapper .
Will Grigg 's stoppage-time equaliser earned Colchester a point at Wigan .
Kurtley Beale scored two tries as Wasps secured a bonus-point win over Bath at The Rec .
Millwall 's automatic promotion hopes suffered a blow as they were held to a goalless draw at Colchester .
A man has been refused bail after he claimed his dog chewed off his electronic monitoring tag .
Former Olympic downhill champion Lindsey Vonn has won her first World Cup race of the season .
Jeremy Corbyn and David Cameron have pledged to do Prime Minister 's Questions in a  more adult '' way .
Former Yorkshire and England seamer Norman Appleyard has died at the age of 83 .
The opening of a new bridge across the Firth of Forth has been delayed until May 2017 .
Former Inverness Caledonian Thistle manager Barry Christie has called for more home-grown players to be given a chance in Scottish football .
In our series of letters from people on the Isle of Lewis , veteran journalist and former BBC radio presenter Alasdair Allan reflects on his memories of Hogmanay .
White teenagers in England are the least likely ethnic group to apply to university , according to figures from the admissions service Ucas .
A former investment banker accused of murdering a police officer has denied deliberately killing him .
Singer-songwriter David Sarstedt , best known for his song Where Do You Go To - My Lovely , has died at the age of 74 .
As former Italian Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi prepares to begin a four-year jail sentence for tax fraud , he has been offered the chance to perform community service .
A fundraising event is to be held in memory of two teenagers who were injured in a rollercoaster crash at Alton Towers theme park .
Yorkshire 's hopes of winning the County Championship title suffered a setback as they were bowled out on day one against Durham at Scarborough .
A man has been arrested in South Africa on suspicion of murdering his wife 's lover in a  love triangle '' , police say .
In his first press conference since winning the Argentine presidential election , Mauricio Macri made an effort to engage with the media .
The number of prescriptions for Roaccutane , a drug used to treat acne , is being overused , campaigners say .
A group campaigning for the UK to leave the EU has called for an annual cap on the number of unskilled migrants allowed in .
More needs to be done to diagnose babies born with a cleft palate , say surgeons .
The England and Wales Cricket Board -LRB- ECB -RRB- says it is  deeply saddened '' by the terrorist attack in Bangladesh .
A report into the death of a woman who took her own life has been criticised by her family .
Britain 's Chris Froome retained the leader 's yellow jersey as Michael Matthews won stage 11 of the Tour de France .
A 50ft -LRB- 15m -RRB- moon has been installed in the Great Hall of the University of Bristol .
Scientists say they have developed a cement mix that could be used to keep nuclear waste out of the ground .
One of the world 's largest street gangs has announced a truce with the authorities in Honduras .
The Prince of Wales has led the annual Royal goat parade in Conwy .
A takeaway delivery driver has been attacked and robbed in West Lothian .
Spending on private ambulances in England has more than doubled in the past five years , figures obtained by the BBC show .
Malaysia 's Prime Minister Najib Razak has said he will co-operate with a US investigation into a state investment fund , 1MDB .
A cyber-attack on a power substation outside the Ukrainian capital, Kiev , has been linked to a similar attack a year earlier , according to security experts .
In a car park in Consett , County Durham , a group of young men are trying to work out who 's who .
Former Newcastle United player Papiss Cisse described Cheick Tiote as  like a brother '' at his funeral in China .
A bid for a UK spaceport to be based in Kintyre is being launched later .
Grand National winner Rule the World has been retired .
The chancellor has announced an extra # 1bn for social care in England .
The owners of Blackpool Football Club have been granted a default hearing in their libel action against a fan .
Defence is one of the most important issues facing the UK today .
Uzbekistan 's Islam Dusmatov won Olympic gold in the men 's light-heavyweight boxing with victory over Colombia 's Ivan Martinez .
England manager Roy Hodgson says he has  no doubts '' about his team 's patriotism , despite criticism from Wales forward Gareth Bale .
Plans are being drawn up to host the National Eisteddfod in Ceredigion in 2018 .
More than half of new mothers in Wales do not breastfeed their babies , a survey has suggested .
A UK government minister has said it is  vital '' that the fiscal framework for Scotland 's new tax powers is agreed as soon as possible .
The BBC 's decision not to renew Jeremy Clarkson 's Top Gear contract has been met with a mixed reaction on social media .
A tip-off about a possible terror plot to bring down a US-bound airliner has led to a ban on laptops on some flights , US media report .
Canada has revoked the citizenship of a 93-year-old man who it says was a member of a Nazi death squad during World War II .
Security experts have warned of security flaws in a number of internet-connected devices .
Cuban President Raul Castro has told the country 's parliament that sweeping economic reforms will be introduced .
Iraqi forces have retaken control of the city of Mosul .
A Welsh police force is to introduce body-worn cameras for its officers .
The former director general of the BBC , Mark Thompson , has defended a pay-off package given to a senior executive .
Funding for two of the so-called Trojan Horse schools is to be withdrawn , the government has said .
Hundreds of people are still missing after Wednesday 's earthquake in central Italy , officials say .
Tributes have been paid to a pregnant woman who was murdered in Essex .
George Cole , who has died at the age of 89 , was best known for his roles in films such as Henry V , Bikini Babe and The Belles of St Trinian 's .
Theresa May has been accused of  choosing a UKIP-style '' Brexit by the Liberal Democrats , after she said the NHS would suffer if the UK left the EU .
German Chancellor Angela Merkel has said allegations that the US has bugged her phone are  grave '' .
A group of men posing as police officers have been targeting tourists in Edinburgh city centre .
The mother of a five-year-old girl has appealed for people to give blood to help save the lives of others .
Six workers have been exposed to radioactive material on a North Sea platform , it has been claimed .
Typhoon Hagupit is lashing the Philippines with strong winds and heavy rain , a year after the country was devastated by another storm .
Voters have  lost faith '' in established political figures as opinion-leaders in the EU referendum , a report has said .
Macedonia 's President Gjorge Ivanov has dismissed the country 's chief prosecutor .
Conservative peer Lord Strathclyde is to step down as leader of the House of Lords .
The search for a man missing in the Brecon Beacons has been called off for the night .
A student who hid in a wardrobe during the al-Shabab attack on a college in the Kenyan capital, Nairobi , has described her ordeal .
West Indies batsman Chris Gayle has been criticised by the Big Bash League for telling an Australian television reporter to  don 't blush '' .
The president of the European Commission has defended plans for an emergency brake on in-work benefits for EU migrants in the UK .
Greg Eden scored four tries as Super League leaders Castleford eased to victory at Leigh .
It 's been a meteoric rise for England Under-20 international Sammie Mead .
Shares of two Hong Kong financial firms have fallen sharply following a sell-off in Chinese shares .
The price of a drug used by Aids patients in the US is to be cut after a public outcry .
Two off-duty police officers have been praised for helping to stop a robbery in County Londonderry .
Five UK universities are in the top 40 of a global league table of the world 's top 200 universities .
Crystal Palace have enquired about signing Liverpool 's Christian Benteke .
The Duke of Cambridge has completed his final shift as a search and rescue pilot at RAF Valley on Anglesey .
Asian shares were mixed on Monday , with Japan 's Nikkei closing flat despite better-than-expected economic growth data .
The mayor of London , Boris Johnson , has been talking about the rules on packing bananas .
Asian markets were mostly lower on Friday , as investors remained cautious ahead of a US interest rate rise next week .
The family of a woman who died following a crash in Aberdeenshire have paid tribute to her .
Britain 's Ashley Yafai retained his IBF bantamweight title with a unanimous points win over Shinsuke Muranaka .
Tributes have been paid to three members of the same family killed in the Tunisian beach attack .
Wales head coach Warren Gatland is unlikely to succeed Stuart Lancaster as England head coach , says former captain Gareth Thomas .
Finding Dory has held on to the number one spot at the UK and Ireland box office for a second week , holding off the arrival of Bad Neighbours .
British number two Aljaz Bedene will meet world number one Novak Djokovic in the third round of the French Open .
Relatives of Kurdish fighters killed in Syria are struggling to cope with the loss of their loved ones .
Plans for a seven-day NHS in England should be delayed , a leading health expert has said .
It 's Safer Internet Day today , and we 've been talking to one of the UK 's most famous vloggers , Nikki Bella .
Inverness Caledonian Thistle moved up to third in the Scottish Championship with a comfortable win over Dundee United .
Yorkshire have confirmed they are interested in hosting a day-night Championship match .
Australia says it is a step closer to resuming live cattle exports to China .
A man who was evicted from a hospital after refusing to leave said he has been on a hunger strike since he left .
When Serena Williams beat Garbine Muguruza in the US Open final on Sunday , she became the first tennis player to win a Grand Slam while pregnant .
A teenager has died after falling from a statue in Devon .
I was standing on the touchline at a football match in Paris .
Prime Minister David Cameron 's wife Samantha has spoken for the first time about the death of their son .
A series of earthquakes in China 's Gansu province has killed at least 36 people and injured more than 1,000 , state-run Xinhua news agency says .
Vauxhall is investigating reports that some of its Zafira cars have caught fire .
West Brom defender Allan Nyom is a doubt with a hamstring injury .
The first homes have been built on the site of a new Army base in Staffordshire .
A girl with autism has been praised for writing a letter to a radio station asking it to stop chiming Big Ben .
A Saudi source has told the BBC that the  mysterious millions '' donation to Malaysian Prime Minister Najib Razak was made to help his coalition win the 2013 general election .
The second of the Royal Navy 's new nuclear-powered submarines has been unveiled at a ceremony in Cumbria .
A fatal accident inquiry into the Glasgow bin lorry crash has heard doctors who examined the driver were  lacking in thoroughness '' .
Saracens have signed prop Calum Clark from Premiership rivals Northampton Saints .
The UK Championship gets under way in York on Thursday .
England batsman Billy Root hit an unbeaten 109 as Nottinghamshire beat Warwickshire in the One-Day Cup at Edgbaston .
Gillingham slipped out of the League One play-off places as they were beaten at home by Shrewsbury .
Lindsey Vonn won a second successive World Cup super-G in Austria .
A passenger ferry has run aground in Aberdeenshire .
Gusts of wind of up to 70mph -LRB- 82 km/h -RRB- battered parts of Wales on Friday .
SNP MP Kirsty Black has been named as one of the most influential people in music by NME magazine .
Nicola Sturgeon has been named as one of the world 's 50 most powerful women .
A 40-year-old man has been arrested in Crawley on suspicion of Syria-related terrorism offences .
A man who groomed an 11-year-old girl online before being caught by a vigilante group has been jailed for four years .
At first it was a quiet moment in the life of a war .
The Harbin International Ice and Snow Festival is taking place in China .
Adebayo Akinfenwa 's late strike earned Wycombe a 1-0 win over Exeter in League Two .
Sam Warburton , Dan Lydiate , Samson Lee and Hallam Amos have all signed new national dual contracts .
Luke Williams scored twice as Doncaster eased into the second round of the EFL Cup with victory over League Two side Northampton .
Graeme McDowell finished in a tie for fourth at the Nordea Masters in Malmo , Sweden .
The NHS in Wales is facing a  crisis '' in waiting times , leading surgeons have warned .
Prof Junko Arai has been working on artificial intelligence -LRB- AI -RRB- for 20 years .
Footage has emerged of a huge storm hitting the Indian city of Bangalore .
The search for the missing Malaysia Airlines plane has been called off , officials say .
Barcelona have signed Brazil midfielder Paulinho from Chinese club Guangzhou Evergrande for an undisclosed fee .
Russia 's lower house of parliament has voted to decriminalise smacking children .
Russia 's parliament is to vote on two bills that would allow the country to take over territory that is part of a neighbouring state .
The late broadcaster Gerry Anderson has been inducted into the Phonographic Performance Ireland -LRB- PPI -RRB- hall of fame .
A collection of paintings and etchings by a Scottish artist has gone on display .
Thousands of music fans are expected to attend the TRNSMT festival at Strathallan Castle over the weekend .
Heroin addicts in Wrexham could be allowed to inject safely under plans being considered by police .
The UK 's economy is in a precarious position .
Paul Scholes has returned to Manchester United on a one-year contract .
The SDLP has called for an inquiry into the number of separated children who have gone missing in Northern Ireland .
A man who stalked and murdered his ex-girlfriend has been found guilty of her murder .
Trains are to be diverted in and out of Cardiff Central in a bid to ease congestion ahead of the Champions League final .
A woman has died in a house fire in Aberdeen .
An 11-year-old boy has won the Scripps National Spelling Bee in Washington DC .
A new film is to be shot in Powys to tackle the issue of mental health .
Venezuela 's President Nicols Maduro has accused the US of trying to overthrow his government , after the US imposed sanctions on senior Venezuelan officials ahead of a controversial vote .
Enid Blyton 's famous Famous Five characters are to return in a new series for adults .
A virtual reality tour of Nottingham 's historic caves has been launched .
British businessman Shrien Dewani has arrived in the UK after being cleared of arranging his wife 's murder on their honeymoon in South Africa .
It is a year since the UK voted to leave the European Union .
The US Federal Reserve 's decision to keep interest rates at a record low is a bit of a surprise .
The BBC has signed a new four-year deal to broadcast the Six Nations until 2017 .
At least 24 people have been killed in a fire at a plastics factory in Bangladesh , officials say .
The chair of Scotland 's child abuse inquiry has issued a fresh call for witnesses .
The Ulster Unionist leader has said he is  confident '' about his party 's prospects in the assembly election .
German Interior Minister Thomas de Maiziere says a lone attacker carried out the train stabbing .
A judge has told a Londonderry man to  go easy on the paella and cerveza '' .
A man has told an inquiry he was sexually abused by a member of staff at a Jersey children 's home .
The inventor of Etch A Sketch , one of the most successful toys of the 20th century , has died at the age of 83 .
The Enterprise Minister , Jonathan Bell , is to meet staff at the Michelin tyre factory in County Antrim on Thursday .
The wife of Burundi 's main opposition leader , Agathon Rwasa , has been shot in the head in the capital , Bujumbura .
British rock band Duran Duran are suing a fan club company in the US for unpaid fees .
Ben Affleck has won the top prize at the Directors Guild of America -LRB- DGA -RRB- award for his film Argo .
Mark McGhee has been appointed Motherwell manager on a two-year contract .
A second man has been charged with murder after a fatal assault in Sunderland .
Raith Rovers have signed midfielder Liam Johnston following his release by Kilmarnock .
Artists including One Direction , Little Mix and Radiohead have signed an open letter calling for a crackdown on ticket touts .
Strong winds have caused disruption to flights and ferry services on the Isle of Man .
A man has died in a crash on the M1 motorway in County Down .
Three TalkTalk workers have been arrested in India on suspicion of data theft .
The results of Iraq 's parliamentary elections in March 2010 have yet to be declared , and no party has won an outright majority .
Tens of thousands of people have gathered in Cologne for the city 's annual carnival , despite the sexual assaults and thefts that marred New Year 's celebrations .
Norway 's Magnus Carlsen has won the World Chess Championship , beating Russia 's Sergey Karjakin .
Latin American countries have condemned the Venezuelan Supreme Court 's decision to strip the opposition-controlled National Assembly of its powers .
Urgent action is needed to stop people registering to vote twice after the general election , the electoral watchdog has said .
The European Commission has blocked the takeover of O2 by Hutchison Whampoa .
The British overseas territory of Gibraltar is considering leaving the European Union .
Portugal 's bond and share markets have fallen as investors fear the country 's centre-right government could be toppled by left-wing parties .
A student from a remote village in the northern Indian state of Uttar Pradesh has topped a secondary school exam .
Burkina Faso coach Paulo Duarte is confident his players will be fit for the Africa Cup of Nations .
When James Hunt won the British Grand Prix in 1976 , he became the first British driver to win a Formula 1 world championship .
Plans to build a new school on a former landfill site in Sheffield have been approved .
A second police horse has been named after an island .
A new contraceptive device is being introduced in Burkina Faso .
Derby County striker Chris Martin says he is relieved to have finally scored a goal for the club .
Herdwick sheep sculptures in the Lake District have been a hit with visitors .
For two years , the residents of Vila Uniao , a poor neighbourhood in Rio de Janeiro , have been fighting to keep their homes .
Jayaram Jayalalitha was one of India 's most colourful and controversial politicians .
Dairy Crest has announced it is to sell its UK dairies business as it tries to cut costs .
A man who beat his landlord to death with a microwave oven has been jailed for life .
Drivers have been warned to expect delays as heavy rain continues to fall in parts of Scotland .
British troops have arrived in Somalia as part of a UN peacekeeping mission .
The sight of a horse tanning its dobbins has caused a stir on social media .
Colombia 's Yarisley Ibarguen won Olympic gold in the women 's long jump .
MPs could face legal action if they repeat comments made in Parliament in breach of a court order , the attorney general has said .
-LRB- Close -RRB- : The UK 's benchmark FTSE 100 index has fallen for a fifth day in a row as global stock markets continue to be hit by fears over China 's slowing economy .
It 's one of the most bizarre gifts you 'll ever receive .
Wales produced a stunning display to beat Italy 2-0 in a friendly in Wrexham 30 years ago .
Is it the most quotable film ever made ?
Chris and Gabby Adcock have won the men 's doubles title at the English Badminton Championships .
Burkina Faso has asked France to declassify documents relating to the assassination of former President Thomas Sankara , his family lawyer has said .
US regulators have cleared China 's ChemChina to buy Swiss agribusiness giant Syngenta .
The Irish Football Association -LRB- IFA -RRB- has said it has reached an agreement with Uefa to set up a special ticket portal for Northern Ireland fans at Euro 2016 .
A man has been jailed for life for trying to behead a man in a supermarket , claiming it was in honour of Fusilier Lee Rigby .
A 21-year-old man has been jailed for nearly 10 years after he admitted causing the death of a four-month-old girl .
The daughter of Fast and Furious star Paul Walker is suing Porsche over the actor 's death in a car crash in California .
Former England batsman Ian Bell has stepped down as Warwickshire captain .
A girl who was shot in the head by the Taliban is to open a book library in Birmingham .
Two men who admitted the murder of a County Antrim restaurateur have been jailed .
Police are investigating claims a student planned a mass shooting at a school in Lancashire .
Hundreds of people have taken part in a giant water slide to raise money for charity .
Partick Thistle secured their Premiership status for another season with victory over Motherwell .
-LRB- Close -RRB- : London 's benchmark share index , the FTSE 100 , lost ground on Tuesday .
A pair of bee-eater chicks have been discovered in a quarry in Cumbria .